Garden Slaw	1 small onion, sliced and separated into rings, 1/2 medium head cabbage, chopped, 2 medium stalks celery, chopped, 1 medium carrot, shredded, 1 medium zucchini, sliced, 1/4 c. sugar, 1/4 c. vinegar, 1/4 c. vegetable oil, 1 tsp. celery seed, 1/2 tsp. salt, 1/2 tsp. dry mustard, dash of pepper	Toss vegetables., Heat remaining ingredients to a boil., Boil 1 minute while stirring., Toss liquid into vegetables, mixing well., Refrigerate 3 hours.	vinegar, sugar, pepper, stalks celery, onion, celery, head cabbage, carrot, dry mustard, vegetable oil, zucchini, salt	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Mango, Mozzarella And Serrano Ham Bites 	1 ripe mango, peeled, 6 oz (175 mg) Saputo Mozzarellissima cheese, cut into eight 1-inch (2.5-cm) cubes, 2 tsp (10 ml) fresh tarragon, chopped, 4 slices Serrano ham, cut in half lengthwise, 1 tbsp (15 ml) olive oil, 2 tsp (10 ml) honey	1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C)., , 2. Using a vegetable peeler, shave 8 thin slices of mango. Wrap one slice of mango around each cube of Mozzarellissima. Sprinkle with chopped tarragon and wrap each with a piece of Serrano ham. Brush with olive oil and place on a parchment-lined baking sheet., , 3. Bake for 5 minutes, or until cheese starts to melt. Remove bites from the oven and drizzle with honey. Serve with cocktail toothpicks., , You can find more recipes and a chance to win $10,000 in prizes at fb.com/saputo.ca.	serrano ham, cheese, mango, fresh tarragon, honey, olive oil	Sweet	Nut-free, Gluten-free
Hotcakes With Bananas And Peanut Butter	pancakes, peanut butter, banana sliced, butter, sugar	Spread the pancakes with peanut butter., Mix together the butter and sugar. Toss with the banana to coat., Place the banana slices on top of the peanut butter and serve.	sugar, peanut butter, pancakes, banana, butter	Sweet	Vegetarian
Squash Pickles	8 c. squash, thinly sliced, 2 c. onion, thinly sliced, 2 bell peppers, cut fine, 2 small cans pimento, cut fine, 1/4 c. salt, 2 c. white vinegar, 3 c. sugar, 1 Tbsp. mustard seed, 1 Tbsp. celery seed	Mix squash, onion and salt by hand and let stand 2 to 3 hours. Bring sugar, vinegar and seeds to a boil, then drain squash and onion and add peppers and pimento to them., Add to boiling vinegar., Let come to a second boil; put into jars and seal. Process., Yields 7 to 8 pints.	sugar, bell peppers, onion, white vinegar, celery, pimento, salt	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Spanish Potatoes	2 tablespoons oil, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 28 ounces potatoes, cut into small chunks, 4 garlic cloves, 1/2 lemon, juice of, 1/2 cup flat leaf parsley, roughly chopped	Heat oven to 375 degrees., Mix the oil, tomato paste and paprika together, then coat the potatoes thoroughly in it., Squash the garlic in its skin with the flat of a knife and place on a baking tray with the potatoes., Season well with salt and pepper, then roast for 40 minutes, turning halfway through, until the potatoes have crisped up and are fluffy inside., Five minutes before the end of cooking, sprinkle over the lemon juice and return to the oven., Serve with the parsley scattered over.	potatoes, oil, tomato paste, lemon, paprika, garlic, flat leaf parsley	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Easy Vegetable Salad	1 head broccoli, torn and cut into bite size pieces, 1 head cauliflower, torn and cut into bite size pieces, 1 jar green olives, drained and sliced, 1 bunch green onion, cut into bite size pieces, 2 large tomatoes, cut into bite size pieces, 1 cup of shredded cheddar cheese, 1 bottle ranch dressing	Cut all vegetables into bite size pieces., Add all ingredient's into a large bowl, except the dressing., Pour the dressing over all of the contents, and mix well., Chill for about 2 hours.	green olives, tomatoes, dressing, cheddar cheese, green onion, broccoli, cauliflower	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Peanut Brittle	1 1/2 c. sugar, 1/2 c. Karo, 1/4 c. water, 2 c. peanuts, pinch of soda	Mix all ingredients except soda., Boil until a peanut tastes done when removed and cooled in a cup of water., When the peanuts are done, remove the pan from heat and add a pinch of soda., (Candy will foam up.), Stir well and spread out on a greased cookie sheet. When cool, break up into small pieces.	soda, sugar, peanuts, water	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Banana Berry Juice	3/4 cup apple juice, 3/4 cup Kern's strawberry nectar, 2/3 cup frozen blueberries, 1 banana, sliced, 1 scoop raspberry sherbet, 1 scoop vanilla nonfat frozen yogurt, 1 cup ice	Prepare by combing all ingredients from the juicer into a blender.	frozen blueberries, raspberry, apple juice, vanilla nonfat, banana	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Artichoke Dip	1 (14 oz.) can artichokes, chopped and drained, 1 c. shredded Mozzarella cheese, 1 c. Parmesan cheese, 1 c. mayonnaise, 2 Tbsp. parsley flakes, dash of garlic salt	Mix all together., Bake in quiche dish at 350 degrees F for 30 to 35 minutes until light golden brown on top., Serve with your favorite crackers.	artichokes, mozzarella cheese, parmesan cheese, parsley flakes, mayonnaise, garlic	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Mayonnaise Chicken	8 -12 chicken legs (drumsticks), 3/4 cup mayonnaise, 1 1/2 tablespoons curry (mild & aromatic), sufficient breadcrumbs	preheat oven to 200C/ 390F., mix curry powder with mayonnaise., the following is better done by 2 people, one for the mayonnaise, one for the crumbs., coat drumsticks in curry-mayonnaise and crumb them., as they tend to stick I prefer to put them on some kind of lattice,grill in the oven., bake for~20-30 minutes& turn., bake another~20 minutes or until golden brown.	mayonnaise, sufficient breadcrumbs, chicken, curry	Savoury	Nut-free
Cocoa Candy	2 c. sugar, 1/3 c. cocoa, 1/2 c. milk, 1 stick margarine, 1/2 c. peanut butter, 1 1/2 c. raw oatmeal (3 minute kind), 1 c. nuts	Mix sugar, cocoa, milk and margarine., Cook 2 minutes., Take off stove and add peanut butter, oatmeal and nuts., Stir good and put in pan to cool.	sugar, peanut butter, nuts, cocoa, margarine, milk	Sweet	Vegetarian
Blueberry And White Chocolate Cupcakes	FOR THE CUPCAKES:, 1 stick Unsalted Butter, At Room Temperature, 1 cup White Sugar, 2 Large Eggs, 2 teaspoons Vanilla Extract, 1-1/2 cup All-purpose Flour, 2 teaspoons Baking Powder, 1 pinch Salt, 1/2 cups Milk, 1/2 cups (Scant) Blueberry Jam/conserve, FOR THE FROSTING:, 6 ounces, weight White Chocolate, The Best You Can Afford, 1/2 sticks Unsalted Butter, 36 whole Fresh Blueberries, For Garnish (optional)	Preheat oven to 350 F and line a 12 hole cupcake tray with cupcake liners., Place butter and sugar into a large bowl, or the bowl of your stand mixer and beat until light and fluffy, 2-3 minutes on medium-high speed. Add in the eggs an vanilla, scraping down sides of bowl as necessary, and mix until well incorporated and smooth, about 1 minute on medium-high speed., Add in the flour, baking powder and salt and mix on low until it begins to come together. Add in the milk and then mix on low-medium speed until well incorporated and smooth., Fill each cupcake liner 3/4 full and then place in the oven for 18-22 minutes, until risen, lightly golden and a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean. Remove from oven., Transfer immediately to a wire rack (I find if you leave the cupcakes in the pan, the liners peel away) and leave to cool., Once cool, it's time to core the cupcakes! With a cupcake corer (I use the OXO Good Grips one) push into the top of each cupcake, twisting as you go to remove the centre of the cupcake. Don't push it all the way down, you still want some cake at the bottom. If you don't have a cupcake corer, use a small knife to cut a 1 inch wide circle out of the centre. Don't throw away your cupcake cores, but cut them in half, so that you have a top to cover the filling., Once all cupcakes are cored, place the jam into a heatproof bowl and microwave for 20 seconds., Using a teaspoon, divide the jam between each cupcake, leaving a little space at the top for you to put the cupcake tops back on., Once all the cupcakes are filled and have their tops, place the white chocolate and butter into a heatproof bowl and microwave in 20 second increments, stirring in between, until melted and smooth., Leave to cool for 5 minutes, before spooning around 1 tablespoon of frosting onto each cupcake and smoothing with the back of your spoon until the cupcake is covered. Place 3 fresh blueberries on top of your melted chocolate and leave to set., Once set, cupcakes will keep in an airtight container, in the fridge for 3 days. Cupcakes are best served at room temperature.	baking powder, vanilla, milk, eggs, frosting, all-purpose, fresh blueberries, weight white chocolate, white sugar, conserve, butter, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Wheat Germ Peanut Butter Cookies	3/4 c. butter or margarine, 1/2 c. crunchy peanut butter, 1 c. brown sugar, packed, 1 egg, 1 tsp. vanilla, 1 c. flour, 1 c. wheat germ, 3/4 c. Quick Cooking Oats, 1 tsp. soda, 1/2 tsp. salt	Beat together butter, peanut butter and sugar until light and fluffy., Beat in egg and vanilla., Combine flour, wheat germ, oats, soda and salt., Gradually mix into peanut butter mixture., Shape level tablespoons of dough into balls., Place on ungreased baking sheets and flatten with bottom of glass dipped in sugar., Bake at 350 degrees  8-10 minutes., Makes about 4 doz.	egg, vanilla, germ, oats, brown sugar, soda, flour, butter, crunchy peanut butter, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian
Warm Kale-And-Asiago Dip	5 bacon, slices (chopped), 1 lb fresh kale (stemmed and finely chopped), 1/2 medium sweet onion (chopped), 2 garlic cloves (chopped), 1/4 cup dry white wine, 1 (8 ounce) package reduced-fat cream cheese (softened), 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 4 1/2 ounces shredded asiago cheese (about 1 cup, plus 2 T), 4 1/2 ounces shredded fontina (about 1 cup, plus 2 T) or 4 1/2 ounces swiss cheese (about 1 cup, plus 2 T), 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1/4 - 1/2 teaspoon dry crushed red pepper, 1/4 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, assorted crackers (to serve) or toasted bread, slices (to serve)	Preheat oven to 350 degrees ., Cook bacon in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat, stirring often, 6 to 7 minutes or until crisp; remove bacon, and drain on paper towels, reserving 1 tablespoons drippings in Dutch oven., Saute kale, onion, and garlic in hot drippings 7 to 8 minutes or until onion is tender. Add wine, and cook, stirring constantly, 1 to 2 minutes or until particles loosen from bottom of Dutch oven., Stir together cream cheese and mayonnaise in a large bowl until smooth., Stir in Asiago cheese, next 4 ingredients, and kale mixture. Spoon into a lightly greased 1- to 1 1/2-qt. baking dish., Bake at 350 degrees  for 25 to 30 minutes or until center is hot and cheese is melted. Let stand 5 minutes; top with bacon. Serve with crackers or toasted bread slices., Note: To make ahead prep recipe through Step 2. Cover and chill up to 24 hours. Let stand at room temp 30 minutes, then bake.	fresh kale, red wine vinegar, bacon, sweet onion, fresh ground black pepper, crackers, t, red pepper, cream cheese, mayonnaise, white wine, garlic, asiago cheese	Savoury	Nut-free, Gluten-free
Scotch Eggs(Serves 5 To 6)	1 lb. sausage meat, 4 hard-boiled eggs, fat (for frying), bread crumbs, flour, 1 egg (for coating)	Hard-boil the eggs; shell and dry them., Sprinkle with flour and cover with sausage meat., Roll in egg and breadcrumbs., Fry in deep fat until golden brown., Drain well., Cut in half and serve hot with brown gravy or tomato sauce or cold with salad.	egg, eggs, flour, sausage meat, bread crumbs	Savoury	Dairy-free, Nut-free
Cocktail Wafers On Tap	1 c. flour, 3/4 c. chopped pecans, 1/2 c. butter, 2 c. Cheddar cheese, grated, 1/4 tsp. minced garlic	Mix ingredients and form into a log., Chill., Slice when ready to serve., Bake in a 350 degrees  oven 10 to 12 minutes.	cheddar cheese, pecans, flour, garlic, butter	Savoury	Vegetarian
Strawberry Ginger Lemonade	1 1/2 teaspoons fresh ginger, to taste, 8 ounces strawberry lemonade (pre-made or homemade, whichever you prefer)	Grate your preferred amount of ground ginger. (I used about a teaspoon and 1/2)., Put your grated ginger in a tea filter/strainer and Boil about 1/4 of a glass of water., Once your water is boiled, place tea filter/strainer with ginger in it into a mug. Pour water in so it just covers the top of the ginger., Steep for about 10 minutes. While ginger is steeping, pour about a 1/2 a glassful of (strawberry) lemonade., When the ginger is done steeping, cool the ginger mixture down to room temperature by either putting it in the freezer or refrigerator., When ginger is to room temperature, pour into the strawberry lemonade and mix. Cool to room temperature and serve!	fresh ginger, strawberry lemonade	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Dried Beef Cheese Ball	3 (8 oz.) pkg. cream cheese, 1 bunch green onions, chopped, 1/2 can ripe olives, chopped, 1 can mushrooms, chopped, 1 jar dried beef, chopped, 3 tsp. Accent, bacon bits	Let cream cheese soften. Mix cream cheese, green onions, olives, mushrooms, dried beef and Accent together., Chill, then form into 2 to 3 balls., Roll in bacon bits., Serve with Wheat Thin crackers.	green onions, accent, bacon bits, mushrooms, ripe olives, cream cheese, beef	Savoury	Nut-free
Chocolate Donuts	1 cup FLOUR, 1/2 cup SUGAR, 1/4 cup COCOA POWDER, 1/2 teaspoon BAKING SODA, 1/4 teaspoon SALT, 1/2 teaspoon VANILLA, 1 EGG, 6 tablespoons SOUR CREAM, 1/4 cube MILK, 1/4 cup OLIVE OIL, 1 FOR GLAZE, 1 3/4 cups POWDERED SUGAR, 1/4 cup MILK, 1 teaspoon VANILLA	1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees., 2. In a medium mixing bowl, combine the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, chocolate chips, and baking soda., 3. In a small bowl, beat together the vanilla, egg, sour cream, milk, and oil., 4. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry until just combined., 5. Spoon in a greased donut pan., 6. Bake for 8 minutes or until the tops spring back when you touch them., 7. Let the donuts cool in the pan before glazing., 8. Whisk together the powdered sugar, milk, and vanilla until smooth., 9. Dunk the donuts in the glaze to fully coat and place on a wire rack to set, about 5 minutes.	sour cream, egg, sugar, vanilla, baking soda, powdered sugar, flour, olive oil, milk, cocoa powder, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Taco Tossed Salad	1 lb. ground beef, 1 small head lettuce, chopped, 1 medium tomato, 2 c. shredded Cheddar cheese, 1 pkg. taco sauce mix, 1 (1 1/4 oz.) pkg. taco flavored tortilla chips, crumbled (about 1 c.), 1 small bottle Thousand Island dressing	Cook and stir ground beef over medium heat until light brown; drain., Stir in taco sauce mix., Toss lettuce, tomato, cheese and chips., Spoon hot beef mixture and salad dressing over lettuce mixture., Serve immediately., Yield: 8 servings.	head lettuce, tomato, taco sauce mix, taco, cheddar cheese, ground beef	Savoury	Nut-free
Caramelized Pears With Sugared Tortillas	2 tbsp unsalted butter, 2 None pears, cored, thinly sliced, 1/2 cup granulated sugar, 2 None tortilla wraps, cut into quarters, 1 tbsp vegetable oil, 3/4 cup whipped cream, to serve	In a large nonstick frying pan, melt butter over medium-high heat, until foamy. Add pears and cook, turning occasionally, for 4-5 mins, until tender. Add 1/3 cup water and 1/4 cup sugar. Cook, turning occasionally, for 7-8 mins, until caramelized and golden brown. Remove from heat and set aside., Meanwhile, brush tortilla wedges with oil then coat in remaining sugar. Heat a medium nonstick frying pan over high heat. Cook tortillas for 1-2 mins per side, until golden brown., Place 1 tortilla wedge on each serving plate. Top with a little caramelized pear and syrup then a dollop of whipped cream. Top with remaining tortilla wedges, pears and syrup, reserving a little syrup. Top with more whipped cream and drizzle with reserved syrup. Serve immediately.	tortilla wraps, granulated sugar, vegetable oil, whipped cream, butter	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Grammy'S Cucumbers And Cream	1/2 pt. sour cream (2 c.), 6 Tbsp. cider vinegar, 6 Tbsp. sugar, 1 tsp. salt, pepper, 2 large cucumbers, peeled and sliced thin, 1 medium sweet onion, peeled and sliced thin*	Combine sour cream, vinegar, sugar, salt and pepper., Mix well and then add cucumbers and onion., Refrigerate until serving time. Makes about 8 or more servings.	sour cream, sweet onion, sugar, pepper, cucumbers, cider vinegar, salt	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Lime Salad	1 small pkg. lime jello, 16 large marshmallows or 2 c. miniature marshmallows, 1/2 c. pecans, 1/2 c. cold water, 1 (8 oz.) pkg. cream cheese, softened, 1 c. crushed pineapple, drained (reserve juice)	Melt marshmallows in reserved pineapple juice over low heat. Add cream cheese to it., Melt as well as you can (will be lumpy). Prepare jello according to package instructions, but use 1/2 cup cold water instead of 1 cup water., Combine pineapple, jello and nuts., Place in mold or pan., Chill.	marshmallows, pecans, cream cheese, cold water, lime jello, pineapple	Sweet	Vegetarian
Coconut Mounds Bar	1 Mounds candy bar, 1/3 c. butter, 1 c. sugar, 2 eggs, 3/4 c. flour, 1/2 tsp. baking powder, 1/2 tsp. salt, 1/2 c. nuts	Cut candy bar in small pieces., Cream butter and sugar., Then add eggs, flour, baking powder and salt., Beat well, then add candy and nuts., Bake in coffeecake pan (well-greased) at 350 degrees  for 1/2 hour.	sugar, baking powder, eggs, flour, nuts, bar, butter, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian
Oven-Roasted Vegetables	EVOO, 1 lb small red potatoes or skinned sweet potatoes, 1 lb Brussels sprouts, trimmed and halved, 3 carrots, chopped, 2 parsnips, speared, pearl onions, 1/2 tsp salt, 1/2 tsp sea salt, 1/2 tsp pepper, 1/2 tsp thyme, 2-4 cloves garlic, halved (optional)	Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F., , Cut the potatoes in half lengthwise and place them in a cooking dish or sheet pan, along with other veggies., , Drizzle 3-5 tablespoons of olive oil over the vegetables and then sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt then 1/2 teaspoon pepper and thyme. Toss with your hands., , Roast the vegetables in the oven for 35 to 40 minutes, until the potatoes are tender, tossing once while cooking.	brussels, pepper, parsnips, pearl onions, thyme, carrots, red potatoes, evoo, garlic, salt	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
California Walking Salad	1 lb. seedless grapes, pulled from stems, 1 red apple, cored and cubed, 1/2 c. raisins, 1/4 c. toasted slivered almonds, 1 head iceberg lettuce, cored, rinsed, drained and chilled	In a bowl, mix grapes, apple, raisins and peanuts., Carefully remove lettuce leaves from head, one at a time., Put 1/2 cup of fruit-nut mixture in each lettuce cup., Serve out of hand., Makes 6 to 8 salads.	red apple, almonds, seedless grapes, raisins	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Yackety-Yack Chocolate Cookies	1/2 c. all-purpose flour, 1/4 tsp. baking soda, pinch of salt, 1/4 c. (1/2 stick) butter, 1/4 c. firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 Tbsp. granulated sugar, 1 egg yolk, 1/2 tsp. vanilla, 1 c. coarsely chopped pecans, 1 (6 oz.) pkg. semi-sweet chocolate pieces, 1/4 c. golden raisins	Preheat oven to 350 degrees ., Stir together flour, baking soda and salt on piece of waxed paper to mix well., Beat together butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar in bowl until light and fluffy. Beat in egg yolk and vanilla., Add flour mixture; beat to combine., Stir in pecans, chocolate and raisins.	golden raisins, sugar, vanilla, egg yolk, baking soda, brown sugar, semi-sweet chocolate pieces, pecans, all-purpose, butter, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian
Persimmon And Pomegranate Salad	1/2 cup pecan halves, 3/4 cup orange juice, divided, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 1/2 tablespoons honey, 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, 1/2 lime, juiced, 7 fresh tarragon leaves, thinly sliced crosswise, or more to taste, salt and ground black pepper to taste, 1 (8 ounce) package herb salad mix, 2 Fuyu persimmons, peeled and each cut into 8 pieces, 1 large pomegranate, peeled and seeds separated	Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C)., Spread pecans onto a baking sheet., Bake pecans in the preheated oven until toasted and fragrant, 5 to 7 minutes. Set aside to cool., Whisk 1/2 cup orange juice and cornstarch together in a small saucepan; cook and stir over medium heat until mixture thickens, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove saucepan from heat and stir in honey until dissolved. Stir remaining 1/4 cup orange juice, olive oil, lime juice, tarragon leaves, salt, and pepper into orange juice mixture. Chill dressing in refrigerator, at least 30 minutes., Spread herb salad mix into a serving bowl or on individual plates; top with persimmon slices, pomegranate seeds, and pecans. Drizzle cooled dressing over salad.	extra-virgin olive oil, persimmons, pomegranate, herb salad mix, pecan halves, cornstarch, orange juice, tarragon, lime, honey, salt	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Secretly Healthy Low Carb Gingerbread Cookies	3 Tablespoons Dairy Free Butter, 1 Tablespoon Coconut Sugar, Sieved, 1 Tablespoon Honey, 1 whole Egg, 70 grams Ground Almonds, 30 grams Coconut Flour, 1/4 teaspoons Bicarbonate Of Soda, 1/2 teaspoons Baking Powder, 1 Tablespoon Cornflour, 1/4 teaspoons Nutmeg, 1/4 teaspoons Ground Cloves, 1 teaspoon Ground Ginger, 1 teaspoon Ground Cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoons Salt	In a large bowl, beat butter and sugar until fluffy. Add honey and egg and continue beating until combined., In a separate bowl, sieve ground almonds, coconut flour, bicarbonate of soda, baking powder, cornflour, nutmeg, ground cloves, ground gnger, ground cinnamon and salt., Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients little by little, beating until dough-like. You may need to use a spatula towards the end (the dough will be sticky)., Form the dough into a large ball, cover with cling film and place in the fridge for about 1 hour., Preheat oven to 180 degrees C (355 degrees F). You will need 2 baking trays the same size and two pieces of baking parchment cut to fit inside the baking trays. Line one of the baking trays with baking parchment and set aside., Remove gingerbread from the fridge and scoop 1 tablespoon of the gingerbread dough. Roll into a ball in your hands and place on the prepared baking tray. Repeat until all the dough is gone, make sure they are evenly spaced apart on the baking tray., Place the other piece of baking parchment over the top of the gingerbread dough balls and squash down with the other baking tray to be between 0.5cm and 1 cm thick., Remove the baking tray and parchment and bake in the oven for about 10 minutes or until starting to brown. Remove from the oven and let cool before transferring to an airtight box. Store in a cool dark place for about 5 days.	egg, baking powder, butter, coconut flour, cornflour, \u00bc, ground ginger, coconut sugar, ground cinnamon, honey	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
No Bake Orange Balls	1 box vanilla wafers, crushed, 1 lb. powdered sugar, 1 small can frozen orange juice, undiluted, 2 c. crushed walnuts, white Karo	Mix crushed wafers, powdered sugar, orange juice and 1 cup crushed walnuts in a large bowl., Use enough Karo to hold the mixture together., Chill.	powdered sugar, vanilla wafers, white karo, walnuts, orange juice	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian
Pineapple Dessert	2 pkg. vanilla instant pudding, 16 oz. Cool Whip, 2 c. buttermilk, 1 large can pineapple chunks, drained, 1 pkg. striped shortbread cookies	Crush cookies., Mix milk and pudding., Add Cool Whip, pineapple and broken cookies., Mix together and chill., Do not freeze., I suggest cutting all ingredients in half for 4 or 5 people.	buttermilk, shortbread cookies, vanilla instant pudding, pineapple	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Almond Butter Crunch Wheels	1 c. slivered almonds, 1/2 c. butter, 1/2 c. sugar, 1 Tbsp. light corn syrup	Line bottom and sides of an 8 or 9-inch cake pan with aluminum foil (not plastic wrap or wax paper)., Butter foil heavily., Set aside., Combine almonds, butter, sugar and corn syrup in 10-inch skillet., Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly. Boil, stirring constantly, until mixture turns golden brown, about 5 or 6 minutes., Working quickly, spread candy in prepared pan. Cool about 15 minutes or until firm., Remove candy from pan by lifting edges of foil., Peel off foil., Cool thoroughly., Candy may be presented as a gift wrapped disk or broken into pieces and placed in decorative jar or container., Makes about 3/4 pound.	light corn syrup, almonds, sugar, butter	Sweet	Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Weight Watchers Mustard Chicken (4 Points)	4 chicken cutlets, 6 oz each, 1/4 cup honey mustard, 1 lime, grated zest and juice, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon minced garlic	Grill cutlets, turning and brushing with the mixture, 10 minutes.	soy sauce, honey mustard, lime, garlic, chicken cutlets	Savoury	Dairy-free, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Raspberry Bellini	2 tbsp frozen raspberries, thawed, pureed in blender, 1 tsp Cointreau or other orange-flavored liqueur, 1/2 tsp lemon juice, None None Chilled prosecco	Combine raspberry puree, Cointreau and lemon juice. Fill a chilled champagne flute halfway with prosecco and top with raspberry mixture.	frozen raspberries, liqueur, prosecco, lemon juice	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Peanut Chocolate Squares	1 cup butter, divided, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, divided, 1-1/2 cups graham cracker crumbs, 1/2 cup unsalted dry roasted peanuts, chopped, 2 packages (8 ounces each) cream cheese, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract	In a small microwave-safe bowl, melt 3/4 cup butter and two ounces of chocolate; stir until smooth. Stir in cracker crumbs and peanuts., Press into a greased 13-in. x 9-in. pan. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes or until set., In a small bowl, beat the cream cheese, sugar and vanilla until fluffy. Spread over chocolate layer., Melt the remaining butter and chocolate; stir until smooth. Carefully spread over cream cheese layer. Cover and refrigerate until set. Cut into squares.	sugar, vanilla, graham cracker crumbs, chocolate, cream cheese, butter, peanuts	Sweet	Vegetarian
Wild Berry Basil Panna Cotta	Wild Berry Basil Panna Cotta, 1 1/2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 cups heavy cream, divided, 3/4 teaspoon vanilla extract, 6 large basil leaves, torn into large pieces, 1/4 teaspoon salt, Versatile Berry Puree (recipe below), 2 tablespoons sugar, plus more to taste, 1/2 cup sour cream, Versatile Berry Puree, 1 cup fresh berries, chef's choice, 1/4 cup water, 2 tablespoons sugar (plus more to taste)	In a small bowl, use a fork to mix milk and gelatin, and set aside. In a small sauce pan combine 1? cups heavy cream, vanilla, basil leaves, and salt. Heat mixture over medium heat, stirring occasionally until liquid is steaming, about 7 minutes. Add gelatin mixture, and stir. Cook until gelatin is dissolved and mixture is smooth, about 3 minutes. Stir in berry puree and sugar (adding more to taste -- keeping in mind you'll be adding sour cream and whipped cream later) and remove from heat. Cool the mixture in fridge or ice bath, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes., Place remaining ? cup heavy cream in a stainless steel mixing bowl and mix on medium speed until stiff peaks form. Set aside., Remove basil leaves from berry mixture and discard. Add sour cream and stir until smooth. Add whipped cream and fold until smooth. Pour into serving dish(es) of choice, cover, and refrigerate at least 4 hours. \r\n\r\nOptional: Garnish with dollops of sour cream, a few fresh berries, and a small basil leaf., Combine ingredients in a small saucepan over medium heat. Mash berries with a potato masher and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to medium low and let bubble lightly for 3 minutes. Taste and adjust sweetness while cooking, aiming for a natural sweetened berry flavor versus sticky sweet pancake syrup., Pour the mixture through a wire mesh strainer set over a mixing bowl. Work the berries through the strainer using the back of a soup spoon or a rubber spatula, until as much liquid as possible has been extracted from the pulp (use patience here for a greater yield). Discard pulp. Cover and refrigerate puree for up to 3 days, or freeze for up to a month.	sour cream, unflavored gelatin, sugar, vanilla, heavy cream, versatile, fresh berries, berry basil, basil, water, milk, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Cowboy Cookies	3 eggs, 1 c. melted butter, 1 Tbsp. vanilla, 1 c. white sugar, 1 c. brown sugar, 1/4 tsp. salt, 1 c. whole wheat flour, 1 c. all-purpose flour, 2 c. uncooked oats, 1/2 tsp. baking powder, 1/2 tsp. baking soda, 2 tsp. cinnamon, 2 c. assorted dry fruit, coconut, nuts, white milk chocolate chips (your choice, mix it up)	Mix eggs, beaten, to blend with melted and cooled butter, vanilla, both sugars and salt., Stir together both flours with oats, baking powder, soda and cinnamon., Combine with the wet mixture and dried fruit mixture., Mix well.	baking powder, vanilla, oats, eggs, brown sugar, baking soda, cinnamon, flour, nuts, white sugar, whole wheat flour, butter, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian
Grown Up Mac 'N Cheese	Dry Stuff, I lb box of dry pasta (bowtie works well), 1/2 cup flour, 1/2 red onion thinly sliced, 3 good size cloves chopped garlic, Wet Stuff, 2 cups whole milk, 1 box Kitchen Basics(R) chicken stock (NOT chicken broth!), 2-6 packs of Stella Artois, 3 tbsp good olive oil, Sriracha* to taste, Other Stuff, 1 lb boneless skinless chicken breast sliced into bite size pieces, 1 lb Velveeta cut into cubes, 1 stick unsalted butter	The Way, Crack a Stella, Heat 2 tbsp olive oil in a large (5qt. saute) pan over medium/low heat. Add chopped garlic and cook slowly until deep golden brown, (if you burn the garlic, you need to start over or the entire dish will have a bitter taste). Remove the garlic with a slotted spoon and set aside on paper towel to drain. Add the sliced red onion to the same oil, cook until the onions are translucent (about 5 min.) Remove them to a paper towel and add the sliced chicken and the third tablespoon of olive oil (if needed), cook until no pink remains, remove., , Get started on a second Stella, if someone is sitting at the counter watching you, offer them one as well., , Get some water boiling for pasta., , , , Next, drain oil from saute pan leaving about a half tablespoon, melt the stick of butter over low heat, and add flour little by little until incorporated. Mix well, cook 2 min. stirring constantly. Gradually add milk, stirring until well blended. Cook on medium heat until mixture boils and thickens, stirring constantly. Add Velveeta slowly, cook until melted, stirring frequently., , Stella #3, , Get that pasta in the boiling water, , Slowly add the chicken stock, little by little until the cheese sauce thins to a soup like consistency, (maybe half the box, it's up to you). Then add back in the cooked garlic, then the onion and chicken stirring slowly. Add the Sriracha to taste, be careful here, this stuff creeps up on you and can turn the dish way too spicy if not careful. I suggest you add a little and give it a few minutes, then add a little more if you think it needs it., , Drain the pasta well and slowly add to the cheese mixture, heat through and serve right from the pan, pass around the remainder of the Stella's	kitchen basics\u00ae, sriracha, stuff, flour, stella artois, olive oil, milk, butter, garlic, red onion, chicken, pasta	Savoury	Nut-free
Apple, Chocolate Chip & Cinnamon Muffins	2 1/4 cups self-raising flour, 1 1/3 cups caster sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 6 1/3 tablespoons unsalted butter melted, 2 large eggs, 5/8 cup milk, 3 1/2 ounces plain chocolate roughly chopped, 2 apples roughly chopped	For full directions visit Your Sunny Side Up, http://www.yoursunnysideup.com/2013/10/recipe-apple-chocolate-and-cinnamon-muffins/	baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, eggs, chocolate, flour, caster sugar, apples, milk, butter	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Mom'S Spiced Eggnog Pancakes	2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, or to taste, 2 cups eggnog, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1/4 cup vegetable oil, 1/2 teaspoon rum-flavored extract (optional), cooking spray	Whisk flour, baking powder, salt, nutmeg, and cinnamon together in a large bowl., Whisk eggnog, eggs, oil, and rum extract together in a small bowl. Add to flour mixture and mix briefly to combine. Batter should be slightly lumpy., Grease a griddle lightly with cooking spray and heat over medium-high heat. Pour 1/4 cup batter onto the griddle and cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and cook until browned on the other side, 1 to 2 minutes. Repeat with remaining batter.	baking powder, eggnog, ground nutmeg, eggs, cooking spray, flour, rum-flavored, ground cinnamon, vegetable oil, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian
Wild Rice Salad	8 cups water, 12 ounces wild rice, uncooked, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/3 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup chopped parsley, 1/3 cup pecans, 6 scallions, finely chopped, 1 cup diced yellow tomatoes, 1 cup raspberry vinaigrette dressing, salt, to taste, ground pepper, to taste	Bring the water to a boil in a large saucepan. Add the wild rice and salt. Reduce heat and cook, covered, for 50-60 minutes or until rice is tender., Drain excess water from rice and cool., Transfer cooled rice to a large mixing bowl. Add remaining ingredients and mix well to combine.	ground pepper, tomatoes, scallions, cranberries, raspberry vinaigrette, pecans, wild rice, water, parsley, salt	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian
Roasted Peaches With Cookie Crumble	5 gingersnaps, 1/4 cup pecan halves, 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, 1 1/2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled, cut into small pieces, 3 ripe peaches, halved and pitted, 1/2 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sugar	Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8-inch square baking dish. Combine gingersnaps, pecans, flour and brown sugar in bowl of a food processor and pulse several times to coarsely chop cookies and pecans. Add butter and process until clumps begin to form., Arrange peaches, cut side up, in baking dish. Press cookie mixture into center of each peach, pressing to adhere. Bake until peaches are tender and topping is browned, about 30 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes to cool slightly., While peaches are cooling, whip cream with sugar until stiff peaks form. Transfer peaches to dessert bowls and serve with whipped cream.	sugar, heavy cream, brown sugar, flour, pecan halves, peaches, unsalted butter	Sweet	Vegetarian
Rice And Bean Stuffed Peppers	1/2 c. frozen whole kernel corn, 1/4 c. chopped onion, 1 Tbsp. water, 1/2 c. herbed tomato sauce, 1/3 c. quick cooking rice (uncooked), 1/4 tsp. sugar, 1/8 tsp. pepper, 1 (8 oz.) can kidney beans, 1 bell pepper (large), 2 Tbsp. Mozzarella cheese	In a large microwave casserole dish, combine corn, onion and water., Microwave, covered, on High power for 2 minutes., Stir in tomato sauce, uncooked rice, sugar and black pepper., Microwave, covered, on High for 2 to 3 minutes, or until bubbly, stirring after 1 minute., Stir in beans, drained., Cover., Set aside., Cut pepper in half lengthwise., Remove seeds and membranes., Place pepper halves, cut side down, on microwave plate., Cover with plastic wrap; open vent hole for steam., Microwave on High for about 3 minutes or until nearly tender., Drain., Turn pepper halves, cut side up., Mound rice mix into shells., Microwave, covered, on High for 2 minutes., Rotate dish 1/2 turn after first minute., Sprinkle with shredded Mozzarella cheese after 2 minutes. Microwave another 30 seconds.	kidney beans, sugar, pepper, cooking rice, kernel corn, bell pepper, mozzarella cheese, onion, water, tomato sauce	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Chicken And Dumplings (Cracker Barrel)	1 whole chickn breast, boneless and skinless, 4cups water, 2 tsp. salt, 1/2 tsp. peppe (I added much more), 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 small package (tiny) carrots, chopped, 1 small onion, chopped, Dumplings:, 1 egg, beaten, 2/3 cup milk, 1 3/4 cups sifted flour, 1/2 tsp. salt, 1 tsp. baking powder	Add all ingredients together in a large heavy skillet with good lid or Dutch oven. Cook for an hour or longer. Then remove chicken from pan and cut into bite size pieces. Or shred. Put back into broth and let simmer for a while. When ready mix dumpling ingredients. Pull small pieces of dough and put onto boiling broth. Heat through for at least 15 minutes or just let simmer slowly until ready to eat.	egg, baking powder, milk, peppe, onion, water, celery, flour, carrots, chickn breast, salt	Savoury	Dairy-free, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Potato Wedges	2 medium potatoes, each cut into 8 wedges, vegetable oil, seasoned salt, 3/4 c. sour cream, 1/3 c. shredded Cheddar cheese	Place potato wedges, cut side down, on rack in broiler pan. Brush with oil; sprinkle with seasoned salt., Set oven control to broil or 550 degrees ., Broil with tops about 3 inches from heat until brown, about 5 minutes., Turn; brush with oil., Sprinkle with seasoned salt., Broil until tender, about 5 minutes.	potatoes, sour cream, cheddar cheese, vegetable oil, salt	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Forever Fresh Cookies	3 1/2 cup all purpose flour, 1 tsp. salt, 1 tsp. baking soda, 1 cup crushed cornflakes, 1 cup quick oats, 1/2 cup nuts, 1 cup oleo, 1 cup white sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 egg, 1 tsp. vanilla, 1 1/2 Tbsp. milk	Preheat oven to 350 degrees.	oleo, egg, vanilla, milk, oats, baking soda, brown sugar, flour, nuts, cornflakes, white sugar, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian
Crunchy Cole Slaw	1 c. vegetable oil, 1/2 c. sugar, 1/3 c. vinegar, 2 pkg. dry seasoning mix from beef Ramen noodles, 1 lb. cole slaw mix (in cello bag), 2 pkg. Ramen noodles (not cooked), broken into small pieces, 1 c. sunflower seeds, 1 c. slivered almonds, toasted, 1 bunch green onions, sliced	Toss together the prepared dressing and all ingredients right before serving.	vinegar, sugar, slivered almonds, ramen noodles, green onions, cole slaw, sunflower seeds, vegetable oil	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Peanutty Pear Slaw	shredded cabbage, 1 (8 oz.) can pear halves, drained and diced, 3 Tbsp. salted peanuts, 1/4 tsp. celery salt, 2 Tbsp. vinegar, 1/3 c. sour cream	Combine, first\t5, ingredients in medium bowl.\tStir in sour cream., Mix, well.\tCover and chill for 1 hour., Serves 3 to 4.	cabbage, celery salt, sour cream, vinegar, pear halves, peanuts	Sweet	Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Carrot Salad	2 pkg. sliced carrots, cooked, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 medium green pepper, chopped fine, 1 can tomato soup, 1/2 c. salad oil, 1 c. sugar, 3/4 c. vinegar, 1 tsp. prepared mustard, 1 Tbsp. Worcestershire sauce, salt and pepper	Boil together tomato soup, salad oil, sugar, vinegar, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, salt and pepper for 15 minutes and cool. Mix with carrots, onion and pepper., Set overnight.	vinegar, sugar, salad oil, onion, tomato soup, worcestershire sauce, carrots, mustard, green pepper, salt	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Pasta Salad	Bermuda onion, tomato, green pepper, olives, cheese, 2 boxes pasta, 1 large bottle Zesty Italian dressing	Mix dressing with onion, tomato, green pepper, olives and cheese. Cook pasta and add. Let set in refrigerator overnight.	tomato, italian dressing, pasta, cheese, olives, bermuda onion, green pepper	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Moclava (Easy Baklava)	4 cups Honey Nut Cheerios, crushed, 1/4 cup butter, melted, 1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk, 3/4 cup pecans, chopped, 1/4 cup honey (optional)	Preheat oven to 350. Line a 8x8 baking pan with foil. Spray foil with non-stick spray generously., Crush up your 4 cups of honey nut cheerios. Add melted butter and mix to coat. Press into baking pan. Pour sweetened condensed milk evenly over mixture. Top with nuts. Bake for 25 minutes., Drizzle honey on top, if desired (this is optional). Let sit for at least an hour. Pull out of baking pan by gripping foil. Cut into squares. Enjoy!	condensed milk, honey, pecans, honey nut, butter	Sweet	Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Fruit Cobbler	2 or 3 c. fresh fruit, 1 1/2 c. water, 1 c. sugar, 1 Tbsp. butter, 1 c. flour, 1/2 c. sugar, 1 tsp. baking powder, 1/2 tsp. salt, 1/2 c. milk, 2 Tbsp. butter	Mix the first 4 ingredients and bring to a boil to dissolve. Mix in pan the remaining ingredients., Pour juice and fruit (boiling) over dough mixture. Bake at 350 degrees  for 35 minutes or dough on top is done., Use a deep dish., Scrumptious and easy., Serves 8.	sugar, baking powder, fresh fruit, water, flour, milk, butter, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Strawberry Spinach Salad	Dressing, 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1/3 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon poppy seed, Salad, 1/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 1 1/2 cups strawberries (8 ounces), 1/2 medium cucumber, sliced and cut in half, 1/4 small red onion, sliced into thin wedges, 1 (6 ounce) package Baby Spinach	For dressing, zest lemon to measure 1/2 tsp zest., Juice lemon to measure 2 tbsp juice., Combine zest, juice, vinegar, sugar, oil and poppy seeds in small bowl., Whisk until well blended., Cover; refrigerate until ready to use., Preheat oven to 350 degrees F., For salad, spread almonds in single layer over bottom of small baking pan., Bake 10-12 minutes or until lightly toasted., remove from oven; cool almonds., Hull strawberries; cut strawberries into quarters., Peel cucumber and slice; cut slices in half., Slice onion into thin wedges., Place spinach in large serving bowl; add strawberries, cucumber and onion., Whisk dressing; pour over salad, gently tossing to coat., Sprinkle with almonds.	spinach, sugar, dressing, poppy seed, salad, cucumber, white wine vinegar, almonds, strawberries, lemon, red onion, vegetable oil	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Gluten-free
3-Ingredient Vanilla Ice Cream	18 ounces, weight Heavy Whipped Cream (Not Whipping Cream), Homemade Or Store-bought, 15 ounces, weight Condensed Milk, 2 Tablespoons Vanilla Extract	Pour whipped heavy cream into a large bowl. Add condensed milk and vanilla extract. Fold until uniform, about 3 minutes., Pour creamed mixture into a cooled ice cream container. Refrigerate for at least 6 hours before serving, for best results.	cream, vanilla, milk	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Key Lime Pie	1 can sweetened condensed milk, 8 oz. cream cheese, 1/2 c. lime juice, 2 Tbsp. sugar, 1 pie shell	Cream cheese should be room temperature., Mix all ingredients. Pour into any kind of pie shell., Refrigerate overnight., Top with whipped cream or Cool Whip and enjoy.	condensed milk, sugar, pie shell, cream cheese, lime juice	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Bean Dip	1 or 2 bags nacho chips, 1 (16 oz.) carton sour cream, 16 oz. shredded Cheddar cheese, 1/2 head lettuce, thin sliced, 2 medium tomatoes, diced, 1 (16 oz.) can refried beans	Heat beans for 5 minutes, or until warm., Spread refried beans in a 13 x 9-inch cake pan., Add sour cream until beans are covered., Layer with lettuce, then tomatoes., Top with Cheddar cheese.	head lettuce, sour cream, tomatoes, cheddar cheese, nacho chips, beans	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Mushroom Sliders With Pickled Fennel And Harissa Crème Fraîche	None None FOR THE PICKLED FENNEL, 1 baby bulb fennel, trimmed, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1/3 cup white balsamic vinegar, 2 tsp sugar, 1 tbsp fresh thyme leaves, None None FOR THE MUSHROOMS, 2 tbsp olive oil, 8 (3 inch) portobello mushrooms, 4 oz aged Cheddar cheese, thinly sliced, None None FOR THE HARISSA CREME FRAICHE, 2 tsp harissa paste, 1/2 cup creme fraiche, 2 tsp lemon juice, 8 None slider buns, to serve, 1.5 oz wild arugula, to serve, 3 tbsp fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves, to serve	To make the pickled fennel, combine fennel, garlic, vinegar, sugar and thyme leaves in a medium bowl. Set aside for 30 mins. Before serving, drain fennel and discard liquid., Divide oil between 2 large nonstick frying pans. Place over a medium heat. Divide mushrooms between pans and cook, covered, for 5 mins per side, or until golden and tender. For the last 2 mins of cooking, top mushrooms with Cheddar., Meanwhile, to make the harissa creme fraiche, combine harissa, creme fraiche and lemon juice in a small bowl. Season to taste., Spread harissa creme fraiche over slider buns. Sandwich with mushrooms, pickled fennel, arugula and parsley to serve.	wild arugula, cr\u00e8me, sugar, cr\u00e8me fra\u00eeche, lemon juice, paste, white balsamic vinegar, cheddar cheese, mushrooms, portobello mushrooms, thyme, clove garlic, parsley, buns, olive oil, baby bulb fennel	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Molded Beet Salad	1 pkg. lemon gelatin, 1 (16 oz.) can beets, 1 c. applesauce	Dissolve gelatin with hot juice from can of beets (1 cup). Add 1 cup of applesauce and diced or chopped beets (1 to 1 1/4 cups)., Chill.	beets, lemon gelatin, applesauce	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Walnut-Crusted Ginger Salmon	1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon reduced-sodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 4 salmon fillets (6 ounces each), 1/3 cup chopped walnuts	Preheat oven to 425 degrees . In a small bowl, mix brown sugar, soy sauce, mustard, ginger and salt until blended. Brush over fillets; sprinkle with walnuts., Transfer to a foil-lined 15x10x1-in. baking pan coated with cooking spray. Bake 12-15 minutes or until fish just begins to flake easily with a fork.	soy sauce, brown sugar, salmon, walnuts, ground ginger, mustard, salt	Savoury	Dairy-free, Gluten-free
Health Cookies	1 c. margarine, 1 c. brown sugar, 1 c. granulated sugar, 2 eggs, 2 c. flour, 1 1/4 tsp. baking powder, 1 1/2 tsp. soda, 2 c. rolled oats, 2 c. Rice Krispies, 1 c. pecans, 1 tsp. vanilla	Grease baking sheet lightly with shortening., Preheat oven to 375 degrees ., Cream margarine., Add sugars and cream well., Beat eggs well and combine with creamed mixture., Sift dry ingredients together., Add to other mixture., Add oats, Rice Krispies, pecans and vanilla., Chill for 15 minutes., Form dough into balls., Place on baking sheet., Bake until light brown, about 8 minutes. Let stand on sheet until cool (suitable for freezing).	sugar, baking powder, vanilla, brown sugar, eggs, soda, pecans, flour, margarine, rice krispies, rolled oats	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian
Meatballs With German Potato Salad	1 1/2 pounds waxy potatoes, 1/2 cup white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon duck fat or butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup vegetable stock, 3 onions medium, peeled and finely diced, 2 pickles sliced, 2 apples quartered, cored and sliced, 1 pound ground beef, 1 egg, 1 roll day old bread soaked in water then excess water squeezed out, 1 tablespoon mustard, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 bunch chives chopped, 1 tablespoon capers	Cook the potatoes for 20-25 mins in boiling salted water. Meanwhile, bring the vinegar, duck fat, sugar and stock to a boil. Add 2 onions, pickles and apples and cook for about 2 mins. Drain the potatoes, peel, cool slightly then slice. Pour the onion and apple mixture, with the liquid, over the potatoes and let marinate for 20 mins, turning occasionally., Mix the ground beef, egg, bread, remaining onion and mustard and season, then form into 8 meatballs. Heat the oil in a pan and sear the meatballs for about 5 mins on each side., Season the potatoes, sprinkle with chives and capers and serve with the meatballs.	potatoes, oil, egg, sugar, pickles, duck fat, vegetable stock, capers, onions, apples, white wine vinegar, ground beef, roll, chives, mustard	Savoury	Dairy-free, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Chewy Chocolate Cookies	1 (12 oz.) pkg. chocolate chips, 1 stick butter, 1 (14 oz.) can sweetened condensed milk, 1 tsp. vanilla, 1 c. flour, 1/2 c. finely chopped pecans (optional)	Melt the chocolate chips and butter in double boiler. Add condensed milk and vanilla., Put flour in a large mixing bowl and gradually pour in hot chocolate mixture while beaters are running. Add pecans and stir well. Set aside for 10 minutes. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto greased cookie sheet. Bake at 350 degrees  for 9 minutes.	condensed milk, vanilla, pecans, flour, chocolate chips, butter	Sweet	Vegetarian
Basque Rice	3 slices bacon, 1 medium onion, sliced, 1 c. diced ham, 3 Basque chorizo sausages, 1 c. sliced chicken, 1 c. raw rice, 1/2 c. sliced pimentos, 1 can tomato sauce, 4 c. chicken broth, 1 Tbsp. sugar, 1 tsp. pepper, salt to taste, 3 or 4 Tbsp. oil	Saute bacon and onion in oil., Add rest of ingredients. Bake in a covered casserole dish at 300 degrees  until rice is done.	oil, bacon, chorizo sausages, sugar, pepper, salt, onion, ham, pimentos, chicken broth, rice, chicken, tomato sauce	Savoury	Dairy-free, Nut-free
Chicken And Rice	1 can cream of mushroom soup, 1 can cream of chicken soup, 1 can cream of celery soup, 1 to 1 1/2 c. raw rice, 4 pieces of chicken breasts	Mix soups and rice in large cake pan., Place chicken on top, salt and pepper., Bake in 350 degrees  oven 1 hour uncovered.	cream of chicken soup, chicken breasts, cream of mushroom soup, cream of celery soup, rice	Savoury	Dairy-free, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Halloween Worms	1 (6 ounce) package raspberry gelatin powder or (6 ounce) package grape gelatin, 3 (1/4 ounce) envelopes unflavored gelatin, 3 cups boiling water, 100 flexible plastic straws, 1 tall slender 4 cup container (same height as extended straws), 3/4 cup whipping cream, 12 -15 drops green food coloring	In a bowl, combine gelatins., Add boiling water; stir until gelatins completely dissolve. Chill until lukewarm, about 20 minutes., Meanwhile, gently pull straws to extend to full length; place in tall container., Blend cream and food coloring with the lukewarm gelatin mixture. Pour into container, filling straws., Chill until gelatin is firm, at least 8 hours, or cover and chill up to 2 days., Pull straws from container (if using a carton, tear carton away from straws). Pull straws apart; run hot tap water for about 2 seconds over 3 to 4 straws at a time. Starting at the empty ends, push worms from straws with rolling pin, or use your fingers; lay worms on waxed paper-lined baking sheets., Cover and chill until ready to use, at least 1 hour or up to 2 days., Worms will hold at room temperature up to 2 hours.	straws, unflavored gelatin, raspberry gelatin, boiling water, whipping cream	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Quick Cinnamon Rolls	1/2 c. sugar, 2 tsp. cinnamon, 1/2 stick margarine, 2 pkg. biscuits	Melt margarine in a small square cake pan in the oven., Dip biscuits in melted butter., Mix cinnamon and sugar together in a bowl., Dip buttered biscuits in cinnamon and sugar mixture, then place biscuits back into buttered square pan., Bake for 25 minutes at 350 degrees .	biscuits, margarine, cinnamon, sugar	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free
Old-Fashioned Chocolate Gingerbread	1 c. fine bread crumbs, 2 1/2 c. sifted flour, 1 1/2 tsp. baking soda, 1/2 tsp. salt, 1 tsp. ginger, 1 tsp. cinnamon, 1 tsp. allspice, 1 3/4 oz. unsweetened chocolate, 1/2 lb. sweet butter, pieces, 1 c. hot coffee, 1 c. brown sugar, 1 c. molasses, 4 eggs, 1/4 c. chopped candied ginger	Preheat oven to 325 degrees ., Butter a 10 x 12 baking pan and dust it with fine bread crumbs., Shake out excess crumbs., Sift the flour, baking soda, salt, ginger, cinnamon and allspice together., Melt chocolate., Let cool until warm., Mix butter and hot coffee until butter is completely melted., Mix in brown sugar., Mix in molasses. Beat in the eggs., Pour in the chocolate and mix well., Beat in the dry ingredients lightly., Stir in the candied ginger., The mixture should be fairly thin., Pour the mixture into the pan, making sure it is level., Bake for 50 minutes., Let cool for 20 minutes. Invert onto a cookie sheet., Then invert onto serving plate and let cool before serving., Makes two dozen squares.	ginger, hot coffee, sweet butter, baking soda, cinnamon, brown sugar, molasses, eggs, flour, unsweetened chocolate, candied ginger, allspice, bread crumbs, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Banana Chocolate Chip Protein Pancakes	1/3 cups Vanilla Protein Powder, 1/4 cups Oats, 1 whole Egg, 1 whole Small Ripe Banana, Peeled, 3 Tablespoons Cottage Cheese (Greek Yogurt Would Work Too), 1/2 teaspoons Vanilla Extract, 1/2 teaspoons Cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoons Baking Powder, 2 teaspoons Mini Chocolate Chips (optional, But Delicious)	In a mixing bowl, blend together everything except the chocolate chips., Heat a non-stick pan to medium high, then pour on your desired pancake shapes (small ones tend to be easier to flip). Sprinkle the chocolate chips on each pancake, then flip them once little bubbles start forming on top and they're golden underneath. Remove cooked pancakes to a plate and finish cooking the rest of the batter., Top with whatever you like and eat up!	vanilla protein powder, egg, vanilla, \u00bc, cinnamon, cottage cheese, banana, chocolate chips	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Honey Loep Cookies	1 pt. honey (2 c.), 1 pt. sugar (2 c.), 1 Tbsp. butter, 1 tsp. baking powder, 1 tsp. cloves, 1 tsp. nutmeg, 2 c. whole pecans, 3 3/4 c. flour, 1 c. candied mixed fruit	Heat honey, sugar and butter until sugar melts., Cool., Add dry ingredients, pecans and mixed fruit., Form rolls and chill. When ready to bake, slice 1/4-inch and place on greased cookie sheet., Bake at 350 degrees  for 10 to 12 minutes.	baking powder, sugar, honey, nutmeg, cloves, pecans, flour, candied mixed fruit, butter	Sweet	Vegetarian
Flourless Almond-Blueberry Muffins	2 1/2 cups almond meal, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 5 large eggs, separated, 1/3 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/2 cup unsweetened applesauce, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1/2 pint blueberries (about 1 1/3 cups), Sliced almonds (for sprinkling), Demerara or raw sugar (for sprinkling)	Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard 12-cup muffin pan with paper liners. Whisk almond meal and cinnamon in a medium bowl; set aside., Using an electric mixer on high speed, beat egg yolks, granulated sugar, and vanilla in a large bowl until pale and doubled in size, about 3 minutes. Add almond meal mixture and applesauce and stir just to combine., Using electric mixer on high speed, beat egg whites and salt in another large bowl until stiff peaks form, about 3 minutes. Add half of egg white mixture to almond meal mixture and fold to combine, then add remaining egg white mixture and fold to combine. Gently fold in blueberries., Divide batter among muffin cups and top with almonds and demerara sugar. Bake muffins until tops are golden brown and a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool in pan at least 10 minutes before serving., Muffins can be made 3 days ahead. Store in an airtight container at room temperature.	sugar, vanilla, unsweetened applesauce, eggs, blueberries, almond meal, kosher salt, almonds, ground cinnamon	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian
Whole Wheat Biscuits	3/4 c. whole wheat flour, 3/4 c. white flour, 2 1/2 tsp. baking powder, 1/2 tsp. salt, 3 Tbsp. oleo, 1/2 c. skim milk	In medium mixing bowl, combine flours, baking powder and salt. Cut in oleo until particles are fine., Add milk and stir until dough clings together., Knead on lightly floured surface 12 times. Pat out to 3/4-inch thickness., Cut into 1 1/2-inch circles. Place biscuits 1/2 inch apart on baking sheet.	oleo, baking powder, milk, whole wheat flour, white flour, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Sweetheart Jell-O Salad	2 envelopes unflavored gelatin, 1/4 cup cold water, 1/2 cup sugar, 1 can (20 ounces) crushed pineapple, undrained, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1/4 cup maraschino cherry juice, 6 ounces cream cheese, softened, 12 maraschino cherries, quartered, 2 to 3 drops red food coloring, optional, 1 carton (12 ounces) frozen whipped topping, thawed, Lettuce leaves, optional	Soften gelatin in cold water. Meanwhile, in a saucepan, bring sugar and pineapple with juice to a boil, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat. Add gelatin and stir until dissolved. Add lemon and cherry juices. Cool to lukewarm. Whisk in cream cheese until thoroughly combined. Stir in the cherries and food coloring if desired. Chill until slightly thickened. Fold in whipped topping. Pour into an oiled 13x9-in. pan or 8-1/2-cup mold; chill until firm. Serve the mold or individual squares on lettuce-lined plates if desired.	unflavored gelatin, sugar, frozen whipped topping, lemon juice, maraschino cherry juice, cream cheese, cold water, maraschino cherries, coloring, pineapple	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Egg In A Basket Grilled Cheese With Asparagus	1 egg, 1 slice bread, 1/2 tablespoon butter, 1/3 cup gruyere, 5 asparagus spears, blanched, 1/2 tablespoon butter	This is probably the most important part of making this dish-the size of the hole. You want the hole big enough to hold the egg and fry it in the bread but not SO big that it doesn't fill the hole. Making the hole too small has the opposite affect, and the egg overruns., Add the butter to your frying pan and melt it over a medium-high heat. I add in the bread and toast both sides before adding the egg, but this isn't required. It is just a preference. If you do this, you might need a bit more butter for frying the egg itself., Crack the egg into the \basket\ and let it cook until the white are set. Or you can flip it., Place the asparagus in a steamer and steam 3-5 minutes. You want it crisp tender., Take your slice of bread, pile on the 5 spears of asparagus and the 1/3 cup of Gruyere. Place it on a parchment-lined baking sheet and put it in the broiler until the cheese fully melts. This should take about 2 minutes or so., When the cheese is melted and the Egg in the Basket is made, transfer the bottom half of the sandwich to the frying pan, melting the butter in the pan first., Fry it all up, carefully flipping it to melt the cheese into the Egg in a Basket., Enjoy!	bread, egg, gruyere, butter	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Roasted Crispy Cheese Potatoes	12 whole Yukon Gold Potatoes, Peeled, 1 stick Unsalted Butter, 1 cup Finely Grated Romano, Parmesano Or Asiago Cheese, 1 teaspoon Salt To Taste, 1 teaspoon Ground Black Pepper To Taste	Lay an unwrapped stick of butter on a rimmed half-sheet pan in the oven. Turn oven on and begin preheating to 425 degrees F., Cut potatoes in half lengthwise. Lay potato halves, cut side down, on a cutting board and cut each half into 4 to 6 roughly equal-sized pieces. Repeat with the remaining potatoes., Check the pan in the oven. Butter should be melted but not burned. If there are areas that are starting to brown lightly, you're fine! Remove pan from the oven when butter is almost fully melted. Sprinkle grated cheese evenly over the melted butter and sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste. Arrange potato pieces over the cheese and butter. Return pan to the oven and bake at 425 degrees F for 30 to 45 minutes, depending on how crisp and brown you like them., Remove pan from the oven when the potatoes reach desired color and transfer to a serving dish.	potatoes, romano, ground black pepper, butter, salt	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Cream Puffs And Vanilla Pastry Cream	1/2 c. butter, 1 c. water, 1/4 tsp. salt, 1 c. flour, 1 tsp. baking powder, 4 eggs, 3/4 c. sugar, 1/4 c. flour, 1/4 tsp. baking powder, 1 1/2 c. milk, 6 egg yolks, 1 1/2 tsp. vanilla	Heat until boiling:, butter, water and salt., Remove from heat and add flour and baking powder., Stir vigorously until dough forms a ball., Add 4 eggs, one at a time, blending completely each time., Cool overnight in fridge., Bring to room temperature before baking., Make 12 round mounds on baking sheet., Bake at 375 degrees  for around 45 minutes., Remove and cut slit on side of each cream puff; bake for 10 more minutes., Turn off oven and let sit 10 more minutes., Cool and fill with cream., Drizzle with chocolate.	egg yolks, baking powder, sugar, vanilla, eggs, water, flour, milk, butter, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Scrambled Eggs With Truffle	12 large eggs, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 ounce white truffle, brushed clean	Beat the eggs and salt very well in a large bowl., Pour the olive oil into the skillet; swirl it to coat the bottom and sides; set on a stove burner, heat off., Pour and scrape all the eggs into the skillet; turn the heat on high; wait a few seconds, just until the heat starts to permeate the pan and reach the eggs., Gently slide the spatula from the side of the pan into the center, dragging the first coagulated eggs with it; repeat the motion, drawing in eggs from another spot., Steadily move around the pan, constantly pulling in cooked eggs with the spatula blade, as uncooked eggs flow into the cleared space., As you drag them, the eggs will form long rippling sheets; don't break them up, but keep gathering them gently, into a soft mass of ruffles., Decrease heat if the eggs sizzle-don't let them brown., As soon as the sides stay clear and no loose egg is flowing, turn off the heat; if there is a lot of wet, uncooked egg caught in the ruffles, more than you like, tumble the mass over gently to cook them but don't break them up (or leave the eggs wet and soft)., Quickly divide the eggs in equal portions on warm plates, and immediately shave paper-thin flakes of truffle, a dozen or so, on top of each one., Serve right away, as the heat releases the aroma of truffle.	white truffle, eggs, extra virgin olive oil, salt	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Cocoa Cupcakes	1 cup sugar, 1/2 cup cocoa, 1 1/2 cups flour, 3/4 teaspoon baking soda, 1/2 cup shortening, 1/2 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 egg, 1/2 cup boiling water	Combine all dry ingredients., Add shortening, egg, milk, and vanilla., Add boiling water and beat for 3 minutes., Bake for 25 to 30 minutes at 350 degrees.	egg, sugar, vanilla, shortening, baking soda, flour, cocoa, milk, boiling water	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free
Butter Cake	2 1/2 sticks margarine, 3 c. sugar, 1 c. (8 oz.) sour cream, 6 eggs, 3 c. flour, 1/4 tsp. soda, 1 tsp. vanilla	Cream, margarine. Slowly add sugar., Cream well., Add 6 eggs (one at a time), beating, well., Stir, in sour cream; mix the flour and soda together and add the flour and soda mixture to the creamed mixture, 1/2, at, a time., Stir in the vanilla. Pour into greased and floured, pan., Bake, 1 1/2 hours in 325 degrees  oven.	sour cream, sugar, vanilla, eggs, soda, flour, margarine	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Balsamic Caramel Corn	5 cups air popped popcorn, with no butter, 4 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar, 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar, 1/2 teaspoon sea salt, 1/3 cup light corn syrup, 1/4 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1/2 cup roasted toffee peanuts (optional) or 1/2 cup roasted salted caramel peanuts (optional)	Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F., Brush a parchment paper-lined baking pan with a little olive oil or butter; set aside., Pour the balsamic vinegar in a small saucepan; bring to a boil and let simmer (do this slowly, if you rush, it becomes bitter) until it reduces by half. Allow the syrup to cool to room temperature., In a non-stick sauce pan, melt the sugar without any water over high heat. It's important to carefully watch the sugar. As soon as the edges of the pan start caramelizing, immediately lower the heat to medium-low., Gently jiggle the saucepan in circles. Do not use a spoon! Lower the heat to the lowest setting when there are only a few remaining non-caramelized pieces. Don't let the sugar get dark brown or you'll get a burnt taste, which would be unpleasant., When all the sugar is an amber color, remove from the heat, pause for about a minute (be careful of splattering when the oil is added), then slowly add the olive oil and salt. Stir frequently with a wooden spoon. Bring back to the stove using the lowest setting and add the corn syrup and the balsamic reduction. Turn off the heat, then add the baking soda (it will become foamy) and vanilla extract. Stir well., Immediately pour the caramel while it's still hot over the pop corn in large bowl. Sprinkle the peanuts (if using) and mix the ingredients until the caramel sauce is spread uniformly., Spread the pop corn onto the baking pan. Sprinkle with a pinch of salt so it enhances the taste of the popcorn., Bake for 10 to 15 minutes. Check the pop corn frequently, stirring to cook evenly., Remove from the oven and let cool for 15 minutes before serving.	sugar, light corn syrup, vanilla, aged balsamic vinegar, baking soda, extra virgin olive oil, toffee peanuts, butter, salt	Savoury	Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Congealed Christmas Salad	1 lb. raw cranberries, 1 (No. 2) can crushed pineapple, drained, 1 pt. whipped cream, 2 c. sugar, 1/2 c. chipped pecans or walnuts, 1 c. miniature marshmallows	Grind cranberries., Add sugar, then add other ingredients. Fold in whipped cream., Freeze., (This is good served on lettuce leaves topped with mayonnaise or whipped cream.)	sugar, marshmallows, cranberries, pecans, whipped cream, pineapple	Sweet	Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Breakfast Egg And Cheese Bake	1 French bread (slice enough pieces to cover the bottom of a 9 x 13-inch glass pan; remove top crust, butter and place buttered side down in pan), 1 pkg. frozen sausage (10 links), 6 to 7 oz. Cheddar cheese, grated, 10 eggs, beaten, 3 c. milk	Brown sausage links and drain., Cut up in pieces., In large bowl, mix together eggs, milk, Cheddar cheese and sausage., Pour over bread in glass pan., Refrigerate overnight., Bake 1 hour in 325 degrees  oven., Do not overbake.	bread, eggs, cheddar cheese, milk, frozen sausage	Savoury	Nut-free
Bonnie Bonilla'S Apple Pie(This Is An Award Winning Recipe)	3 c. flour, 1 1/2 c. shortening, 1/2 tsp. salt, 1/3 c. water, 1 beaten egg, 1 Tbsp. vinegar	Cut shortening into flour and salt until mixture is crumbly. Add the other ingredients and stir until just blended., Chill at least 1 hour., (Dough can be refrigerated for up to 2 weeks.) Divide dough into 2 balls., Roll each and lay one into pie pan. Set the other aside for top crust., (I prefer to roll the dough on a cloth; a pillow case is perfect., Just flour it and roll.)	egg, vinegar, shortening, water, flour, salt	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free
Auntie'S Delicious Soft Pretzels, Amish Recipe	1 1/4 cups water (approx 105 degrees), 1 tablespoon yeast, 1/4 cup brown sugar, 2 cups occident flour (bread flour), 2 cups flour, Dipping solution, 1/2 cup baking soda, into, 3 cups hot water, sweet creamy butter, for 'dipping' face of pretzels after baking (melt butter, then let set a few minutes, and use paper towel to remove cream which will float to the)	Dissolve yeast into warm water., Add sugar, then flour& mix well- do not 'knead' as this toughens the dough., (Mix just until combined well) Let rise until doubled, at least 20 minutes., Cut into long 'ropes'., Shape into pretzel shapes, then dip into prepared dipping solution., Place on well-greased cookie sheet and sprinkle with pretzel salt., Bake at 500-550 degrees F for 4-6 minutes until golden brown., Dip face of pretzel into melted butter., Variation: add 1 t vanilla to the dough., Flavor variations., Cinnamon/sugar- omit salt& dip into cinnamon sugar after face has been coated with butter., Sour cream& onion- after dipping face of pretzel in butter, sprinkle with sour cream& onion powder Garlic- same as sour cream& onion, but use garlic powder., Sesame or poppy seed--BEFORE baking, AFTER dipping into dipping solution, dip pretzel face-down into the seeds, then bake., Salt is optional with this one.	sweet creamy butter, dipping solution, brown sugar, baking soda, water, flour, yeast	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Mozzarella Chicken	4 boneless, skinned chicken breast halves, 2 c. peeled, seeded ripe tomatoes or 1 (1 lb.) can tomatoes, drained, 1/2 tsp. Italian seasoning, crumbled, 1/8 tsp. garlic powder, 2 oz. Mozzarella cheese, 1 Tbsp. Parmesan cheese	Brown chicken in butter in large skillet., Puree tomatoes in electric blender; mix in seasonings., Transfer chicken to a shallow baking dish; pour tomato sauce over., Bake at 350 degrees  for 15 minutes; place Mozzarella cheese on chicken., Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese., Bake 15 minutes longer.	tomatoes, italian seasoning, mozzarella cheese, parmesan cheese, garlic powder, chicken	Savoury	Nut-free, Gluten-free
Sausage And Rice Bake	1 lb. smoke sausage, 1 c. chopped onion, 1 green pepper, chopped, 1 clove garlic, 2 cans cream of chicken soup, 1/2 c. grated cheese, 1 c. uncooked rice, 1 c. cream of mushroom soup	Brown sausage; pour off drippings., Add onion, green pepper and garlic., Simmer until tender., Add remaining ingredients except cheese., Pour into baking loaf., Sprinkle cheese on top. Bake at 350 degrees  for 1 1/2 hours.	cream of chicken soup, cream of mushroom soup, onion, clove garlic, smoke sausage, grated cheese, rice, green pepper	Savoury	Nut-free, Gluten-free
Buffalo Potato Salad	1 lb red potatoes, cut into bite sized pieces, 1/2 cup Hellmann's mayonnaise, 1/2 cup chopped red onion, 1/2 cup chopped celery, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper sauce, 1 lb cooked chicken, cut into bite-size pieces (about 3 cups), 1 cup peeled and chopped cucumber	In 3-quart saucepan, cover potatoes with water. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook 10 minutes or until potatoes are tender. Drain and cool slightly., In serving bowl, toss potatoes with remaining ingredients. Serve chilled or at room temperature. Serve, if desired, on a bed of lettuce, garnished with celery leaves.	cayenne pepper, celery, mayonnaise, red potatoes, cucumber, red onion, chicken	Savoury	Dairy-free, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Hot German Potato Salad(Microwaved)	4 slices bacon, diced, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 tsp. flour, 1/2 c. cider vinegar, 2 Tbsp. packed brown sugar, 1/4 tsp. celery seed, salt and pepper, 4 medium potatoes	Microwave potatoes on High for 10 minutes., Cool, peel and slice.	potatoes, bacon, brown sugar, onion, celery, flour, cider vinegar, salt	Savoury	Dairy-free, Nut-free
Cream Cheese Taco Dip	16 ounces cream cheese, 16 ounces sour cream carton, 1 can bean dip, 1 package taco seasoning mix, 1 cup cheddar cheese grated	Soften cream cheese, then add sour cream gradually mixing with mixer., Add bean dip and taco seasoning and beat on low speed until well mixed., Put in casserole dish and top with Cheddar cheese., Cover casserole and heat in oven at 325 degrees for 30-45 minutes, until heated through., Serve with Doritos and Fritos.	bean dip, sour cream, taco, cheddar cheese, cream cheese	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Baked Apple Pecan Oatmeal	3 cups Rolled Oats, 1 cup Brown Sugar, 2 teaspoons Ground Cinnamon, 2 teaspoons Baking Powder, 1/2 teaspoons Salt, 1 cup Milk, 2 whole Eggs, 1/4 cups Butter, Melted, 1/2 cups Applesauce, 2 teaspoons Vanilla, 1 cup Apples, Peeled And Chopped, 1/2 cups Chopped Pecans	1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F., 2. Combine dry ingredients in large bowl., 3. Add milk, eggs, butter, applesauce and vanilla and stir until mixed., 4. Stir in pecans and chopped apples., 5. Spread into a 9X13 pan., 6. Bake for 40 minutes.	baking powder, vanilla, brown sugar, eggs, \u00bc, pecans, applesauce, apples, milk, rolled oats, ground cinnamon, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Baked Beans With Bacon And Hot Dogs	5 slices uncooked thick bacon, diced (can use more), 1 large onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh minced garlic, 2 (28 ounce) cans baked beans, 3 tablespoons molasses, 2 tablespoons prepared yellow mustard, 1 tablespoon mustard powder, 1/2 teaspoon seasoning salt, 1/2 cup canned diced tomato (do not use the juice), 1/2 - 3/4 cup brown sugar, 4 large hot dogs, chopped (preferably a good brand of beef hot dogs)	Set oven to 350 degrees F., Grease a 2-quart casserole dish.In a large bowl., In a skillet cook the bacon with onions until evenly browned., Add in garlic and cook stirring for 2 minutes; drain and place into a large bowl., Add in the 2 cans baked beans, molasses, prepared yellow mustard, dry mustard powder, seasoned salt, tomatoes and brown sugar (start with 1/2 cup and add in more to taste) mix well to combine., Mix in the hot dogs., Transfer to prepared casserole dish., Bake uncovered for 1 hour and 15 minutes or until thickened and bubbly.	tomato, bacon, yellow mustard, hot dogs, brown sugar, molasses, onion, mustard powder, beans, seasoning salt, garlic	Savoury	Dairy-free, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Elvis Granola	1/4 cups Canola Oil, 1/3 cups Maple Syrup, 1/4 cups Chunky Peanut Butter, 1/2 teaspoons Salt, 1 teaspoon Cinnamon, 4 cups Old Fashioned Oats, 1/4 cups Ground Flaxseed, 1/2 cups Dry Roasted Peanuts, 1/2 cups Sunflower Seeds, 2/3 cups Chopped Dark Chocolate (or Miniature Chocolate Chips)	Preheat oven to 275F., Bring the canola oil, maple syrup, peanut butter, salt and cinnamon to a simmer over medium heat on the stovetop. Simmer for three to five minutes., While that's cooking, mix together the oats, ground flax, peanuts and sunflower seeds. Pour hot syrup mixture over the oats and toss well to coat. Spread out granola onto two lined sheet trays and bake for 40 minutes, stirring occasionally and turning trays midway through., Let granola cool completely before adding the chopped chocolate.	oats, \u00bc, cinnamon, chocolate, maple syrup, sunflower seeds, peanuts, salt	Sweet	Dairy-free, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Malted Cookies	2 1/2 cups flour, 3/4 cup instant malted milk powder, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1/2 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 1 cup butter, at room temp, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons sweetened condensed milk (not evaporated), 2 cups milk chocolate chips	Heat oven to 300 degrees . Have ungreased cookie sheets ready., In a bowl mix flour, malted milk powder, baking soda and salt., In a large bowl, mix sugars with an electric mixer. Add butter and beat until blended. Add vanilla, condensed milk and eggs. Beat at medium speed until pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes., Add flour mixture and chocolate chips. Mix at low speed until just blended. Do not over mix. Chill dough til firm enough to scoop out. Drop rounded tablespoonful on ungreased cookie sheet., Bake 23 to 25 minutes until cookies are slightly brown around edges.	condensed milk, sugar, vanilla, milk powder, baking soda, brown sugar, eggs, flour, milk chocolate chips, butter, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Cheese Twist Bread	1 pkg. yeast, 1 Tbsp. plus 1/2 tsp. sugar, 3/4 c. milk, 1 whole egg plus 1 egg yolk, 1 1/2 c. shredded Cheddar cheese, 1/4 c. warm water, 3 Tbsp. butter, 1 1/2 tsp. salt, 3 1/2 c. flour	Dissolve yeast in water with 1/2 teaspoon sugar, in a small bowl., Heat butter and milk until lukewarm., Place in a large bowl with remaining sugar and salt., Mix egg in the dissolved yeast. Beat in 2 cups of flour and gradually beat in enough flour until a soft dough forms., Knead soft dough until smooth and elastic. Cover and let rise in greased bowl until double its size., This will take approximately 1 1/2 hours., Punch down and roll into rectangle about 1/2 inch thick., Sprinkle cheese into and roll tightly like a jelly roll., Pinch seams and twist and place on greased sheet pan., Let rise for 30 minutes and bake at 375 degrees  to 400 degrees  for about 40 minutes.	egg, sugar, warm water, cheddar cheese, flour, yeast, milk, butter, salt	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Layered Lettuce Salad	1 small head lettuce, shredded, 1 c. chopped celery, 1 c. diced green pepper, 1/2 c. chopped onion, 1 (10 oz.) pkg. frozen green peas, 1 to 1 1/2 c. mayonnaise, 1 c. grated Cheddar cheese, 1/2 c. cooked bacon, crumbled or bacon bits	Layer the ingredients in a 9 x 13-inch pan in the following order:, lettuce, celery, green pepper, onion and peas., Spread mayonnaise evenly on top of ingredients, then sprinkle grated cheese and bacon bits over the top of mayonnaise., Cover with foil and refrigerate overnight to blend flavors.	head lettuce, bacon, cheddar cheese, frozen green peas, onion, celery, mayonnaise, green pepper	Savoury	Nut-free, Gluten-free
Italian Beef Casserole(Microwave)	1 lb. lean ground beef, 1 (15 1/2 oz.) can spaghetti sauce, 1 1/4 c. water, 1 (16 oz.) can cut green beans, 1 (7 oz.) pkg. elbow macaroni, 2 Tbsp. dry onion flakes, 1 Tbsp. sugar, 1 Tbsp. Italian seasoning, 1/2 tsp. garlic powder or more, 1/2 tsp. salt, 1/8 tsp. pepper, 1 c. shredded Mozzarella cheese	Place beef in a 3-quart casserole., Break with fork., Use \Cook\ cycle and cook 6 to 8 minutes in microwave until meat changes color., Break up any remaining large pieces., Add remaining ingredients except cheese., Mix well and cover., Use \Cook\ cycle for 10 minutes., Stir and cover., Cook for 14 minutes., Sprinkle with cheese., Cover and let stand 10 minutes before serving.	sugar, pepper, italian seasoning, mozzarella cheese, onion, water, lean ground beef, green beans, elbow macaroni, spaghetti sauce, garlic, salt	Savoury	Nut-free, Gluten-free
Fruit Salad	1 can mandarin oranges, 1 can pineapple chunks, 1/2 small pkg. miniature marshmallows, 1 small pkg. flaked coconut, sour cream	Drain fruit., Mix first four ingredients together., Add enough sour cream to hold together., Let sit overnight, then serve.	sour cream, marshmallows, flaked coconut, mandarin oranges, pineapple	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Peanut Butter Clusters	1 c. Karo syrup, 1 c. sugar, 4 c. Special K cereal, 1 (12 oz.) crunchy peanut butter	Measure out Special K in, a large bowl. Set aside., Bring syrup and sugar to a boil., Remove from heat. Add peanut butter. Mix well., Pour over cereal., Drop on wax paper in clusters.	syrup, sugar, cereal, crunchy peanut butter	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Tamale Hash	1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1/2 small onion, chopped, 1/2 jalapeno pepper, chopped, 1 garlic clove, finely chopped, 3/4 - 1 cup black-eyed pea salsa, Black-Eyed Pea Salsa (Cowboy Caviar) (cowboy caviar), 2 tamales, large cut into bite-size pieces (any flavor really good quality tamale works, we like pork), 2 large eggs, 1/4 cup cheddar cheese, finely greated, 1 tablespoon fresh cilantro, chopped and sprinkled on top, sour cream (optional)	Heat oil over medium heat in a large skillet, add onion, jalapeno, garlic, 3/4 to 1 cup of Recipe #492655, and cut up tamales; gently stir, warm for about three minutes. Being careful not to scorch or over stir., As the hash is warming, prepare the eggs either sunny side up or over easy., To serve, dived the hash between two serving plates. Place an egg on top of each serving, top immediately with a finely grated cheese and cilantro. Serve sour cream on side if desired.	sour cream, pepper, eggs, cheddar cheese, onion, tamales, garlic, vegetable oil, fresh cilantro, black-eyed	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Twice Baked Potatoes	baking potatoes (amount desired), shredded Cheddar cheese (amount desired), green onion, chopped (amount desired), sour cream (amount desired), butter (amount desired), milk (optional), salt and pepper to taste, paprika	Bake potatoes and cut in half., Using a spoon, scoop out potato into mixing bowl., Add other ingredients except milk and paprika., If mixture is too thick, you may thin it with some milk. Make sure your mixture is not too thin., Mix well., Put mixture back into potato hulls., Top with paprika and bake at 350 degrees  until bubbling hot., Very tasty.	sour cream, cheddar cheese, green onion, milk, paprika, butter, baking potatoes, salt	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Microwave Peanut Brittle	1 cup white sugar, 1/2 cup light corn syrup, 1 cup salted peanuts, 1 teaspoon butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon baking soda	Butter a cookie sheet. Combine sugar and corn syrup in a 2 quart glass bowl and microwave on high 4 minutes. Stir in peanuts and microwave on high 3 1/2 minutes more, then stir in butter and vanilla and microwave for 1 1/2 minutes., Stir in baking soda until light and foamy. Pour onto cookie sheet and spread thin. Cool completely and break into pieces and serve.	light corn syrup, vanilla, baking soda, white sugar, butter, peanuts	Sweet	Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Cream Cheese Treats	2 (8 oz.) pkg. cream cheese, softened, 1 c. sugar, 2 eggs, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, vanilla wafers, fruit pie filling	Beat cream cheese on medium speed until light and fluffy. Gradually add sugar, mixing well., Add eggs, one at a time, mixing well., Add vanilla., Place a vanilla wafer in miniature baking cups., Spoon in mixture to approximately 3/4 full., Bake at 350 degrees  for 20 minutes. Chill overnight., Add fruit topping.	sugar, vanilla extract, fruit pie filling, eggs, vanilla wafers, cream cheese	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Mexican Cornbread	1 c. cornmeal mix, 1/2 tsp. salt, 1/2 tsp. soda, 1 tsp. sugar, 1 c. buttermilk, 1/2 c. oil, 1 can cream-style corn, 2 eggs, 1 c. grated or diced Cheddar cheese, 3 jalapeno peppers, chopped, 1/4 onion, chopped	Mix all., Bake in greased iron skillet for 40 minutes or until nicely browned., Let sit for 20 minutes before eating.	buttermilk, oil, sugar, cornmeal mix, eggs, cheddar cheese, soda, peppers, onion, cream-style corn, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Asiago Cheese And Rosemary Bagels	1 Tablespoon Canola Or Vegetable Oil, Cornmeal, Just Enough To Lightly Dust Your Cookie Tray, 4 cups Bread Flour, 1 package Quick-Rise Yeast, 7 Gram Package, 1-1/2 teaspoon Salt, 1 Tablespoon Brown Sugar, 1-1/2 cup Warm Water, 2 Tablespoons Fresh Chopped Rosemary, 6 ounces, weight Grated Asiago Cheese, 2 Tablespoons Brown Sugar, 1 Tablespoon Granulated Sugar	Coat a large mixing bowl with the canola or vegetable oil. Line a cookie tray with parchment paper and dust lightly with cornmeal. Set aside., In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook, place the flour, yeast, salt and brown sugar and mix on low speed to combine the ingredients. Add the warm water and the rosemary to the bowl and mix on low for about 10 minutes., Take the dough from the mixing bowl and roughly knead into a ball shape. Place the ball into the bowl which was coated with oil. Cover with plastic wrap and let it sit in a warm place for 1 hour., After the dough has risen, take it from the bowl and gently punch it down to get rid of most of the air. Divide the dough into 8 pieces each weighing about 3.5 ounces. Roll each piece into a ball and place them on the cookie tray. Cover the tray with a clean towel and let it sit for another 20-25 minutes., Fill a large pot with water. Bring the water to a boil and add the brown sugar and granulated sugar. Preheat the oven to 425 F., Take the towel off of the tray of dough and gently poke a hole in each dough ball with your thumb, making sure to keep the bagel nice and round with an even hole. Place back on the tray., When they all have holes poked in them and your water is boiling, place 3-4 bagels into the water and boil for 2 minutes. Turn each bagel over and boil for another 1 minute. Scoop the bagels out using a slotted spoon or kitchen spider and place them back on the cookie tray, right side up. Repeat the boiling process with the rest of the bagels., When all of the bagels have been boiled, place some grated cheese on the top., Place the tray into the oven and bake for 25 minutes or until each bagel is a nice golden brown color., Adapted from Mel's Kitchen Cafe.	bread flour, sugar, canola or, brown sugar, water, cheese, yeast, cornmeal, fresh chopped rosemary, salt	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Boursin Stuffed Chicken Breasts Easy!	1 boneless skinless chicken breast half, spinach or basil leaves, enough to cover each chicken breast, 2 tablespoons walnuts, toasted and chopped finely, boursin cheese, 1 ounce cream cheese, softened, 1 garlic clove, minced, 2 teaspoons fresh parsley, minced fine, 2 teaspoons fresh chives, chopped fine, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, 1/8 teaspoon freshly cracked black peppercorns, 1 pinch kosher salt, 2 tablespoons fine breadcrumbs	Pound each chicken breast to 1/4\ thick. This can be done ahead of time, covered and refrigerated., In a pan of boiling water, quickly dip each spinach leaf or basil leaf; drain and set aside., Mix the 8 ingredients together for the Boursin cheese; add the walnuts to the cheese mixture, cover at room temperature for at least an hour to blend the flavors., Lay the chicken breast flat, season each side with salt and pepper; add the spinach or basil leaves and spread the cheese-walnut mixture to cover each breast., Starting at the shortest end of the chicken breast, roll up as tightly as possible and tuck in the ends to form a neat roll, transfer to a greased baking dish and place the chicken breast seam side down; sprinkle with bread crumbs and refrigerate at least 3 hours or over night., Bake 350 degrees  degrees F. for approximately 30 to 35 minutes or until juices run clear. Let the chicken rest for 5 minutes; slice 1/2 inch thick and serve with a tomato rose and an asparagus and carrot ring garnish.	boursin cheese, fresh parsley, cayenne pepper, freshly cracked black peppercorns, cream cheese, basil, breadcrumbs, walnuts, kosher salt, garlic, chicken, fresh chives	Savoury	Nut-free
Cherry Salad	1 can pitted sour cherries, 1 c. sugar, 1 pkg. cherry gelatin, 1 pkg. unflavored gelatin, 1 small can crushed pineapple, 1 c. nuts, juice of 3 oranges	Bring sugar and cherries to a boil. Dissolve gelatin in 1/2 cup of water., Add to cherries and sugar., Then add nuts and pineapple (juice and all)., Add orange juice., Refrigerate.	unflavored gelatin, sugar, nuts, cherry gelatin, oranges, sour cherries, pineapple	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Creamy Summer Coleslaw	1/2 cup mayonnaise, 1/3 cup white sugar, 1/4 cup milk, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 1/2 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 teaspoons sour cream, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste, 1 pound cabbage, cut into wedges, 2 carrots, 1/4 small onion, chopped, or to taste	Stir mayonnaise, sugar, milk, lemon juice, vinegar, sour cream, black pepper, and cayenne pepper together in a small bowl., Shred cabbage, carrots, and onion in a food processor with grater attachment; place vegetables in a large bowl and stir to combine. Stir mayonnaise mixture into cabbage mixture; cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and preferably overnight. Stir coleslaw before serving.	white sugar, cabbage, sour cream, lemon juice, cayenne pepper, onion, freshly ground black pepper, white vinegar, mayonnaise, carrots, milk	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Tuna Croquettes With Hash Brown Patties	1 (7 oz.) can tuna, drained, 1 egg, 1/2 c. bread crumbs, 2 Tbsp. milk, 1 Tbsp. onion, grated, 1 tsp. lemon juice, salt and pepper to taste, 4 frozen hash brown potato patties	Combine all ingredients and mix well., Divide evenly into 4 well-greased custard cups., Place cups on rack and add the frozen hash brown potato patties., Spread with margarine., Bake at 375 degrees  until well browned.	egg, lemon juice, tuna, onion, frozen hash brown potato patties, milk, bread crumbs, salt	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Carrot Cake Quinoa Bowls	2/3 cups Uncooked Quinoa, 1-3/4 cup Unsweetened Coconut Or Almond Milk, 3/4 cups Grated Carrots, 1 teaspoon Cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoons Vanilla Extract, 2 Tablespoons Maple Syrup, 1 Tablespoon Almond Butter, Plus More For Topping, 1 pinch Salt, Toasted Walnuts, For Topping	In a large saucepan, heat quinoa and milk over medium heat. Once the mixture starts to simmer, add carrots, cinnamon, and vanilla extract. Turn the heat down to low. Cover and cook for about 15 minutes, stirring occasionally., Add the almond butter and a pinch of salt. Stir until combined and thickened., Pour the quinoa into bowls. Top each portion with extra almond butter and toasted walnuts.	almond butter, vanilla, quinoa, cinnamon, unsweetened coconut, carrots, maple syrup, walnuts, salt	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Mom'S Strawberry And Jello Tart	4 cups flour, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 cup butter, softened, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla powder (or any kind of vanilla used with eggs), 1/4 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 10 cups prepared strawberry gelatin, prepared as instructed by manufacturer, 2 cups strawberry juice (start with it and add more according to taste), 2 cups fresh strawberry slices, amount as preferrable, chocolate shavings	Combine flour, butter, baking powder, sugar and salt with your finger tips until flour dissolves and all combine., add eggs and form a dough using ur hands, if it becomes too dry add small amount of milk., spread in the tart pan such that it covers the sides too, pierce with a fork., bake at 230 Celsius until its golden yellow from the top, if it does and still not golden yellow from bottom lower it in the oven., directly after it comes out sprinkle pinches of chocolate on top and spread so that it forms kind of a very thin layer and leave to cool down. (the chocolate is only used so that the crust wouldn't be softened when the jello is added on top)., get the jello out of the fridge after it was hardened and blend it with strawberry juice, dont blend it too much we want it to be a little thick, check the flavor and add more strawberry juice and sugar if required., stir in strawberry slices and pour on the tart., add strawberry on top and garnish with whipping cream., put it in the fridge until jello and juice combination hardens.	strawberry juice, strawberry slices, baking powder, eggs, powdered sugar, flour, strawberry gelatin, chocolate shavings, butter, vanilla powder, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Mushroom And Green Bean Salad(Cold)	3/4 lb. green beans (fresh), 2 Tbsp. minced shallots, 1/4 c. mayonnaise, 3 Tbsp. fresh lemon juice, 2 Tbsp. olive oil, 1 Tbsp. Dijon-style mustard, 2 c. sliced fresh mushrooms, 1/4 c. chopped red bell pepper, 1 Tbsp. minced fresh basil, freshly ground black pepper, tomato wedges (garnish)	Cut beans into 1 1/2-inch lengths., Cover with water and cook on top of stove or add 3 tablespoons water and cook in microwave oven, just until beans are crisp-tender., Do not overcook., Drain beans., Cover with ice water to stop cooking; set aside., In small bowl, combine shallots, mayonnaise, lemon juice, oil and mustard; mix well.	lemon juice, mushrooms, freshly ground black pepper, tomato wedges, green beans, shallots, mayonnaise, red bell pepper, mustard, fresh basil, olive oil	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Banana Bread	1/2 c. butter, softened, 1 c. sugar, 2 eggs, 1 tsp. vanilla, 1 1/2 c. all purpose flour, 1 tsp. baking soda, 1 tsp. salt, 1 c. mashed banana, 1/2 c. sour cream	Mix butter and sugar until creamy, add eggs one at a time. Add vanilla, flour, baking soda and salt. Mix until incorporated, but careful not to over-mix. Stir in mashed banana and sour cream. Pour into greased bread pan and bake in preheated 350 degrees  oven for 50 to 55 minutes, or until toothpick in the center of the loaf comes out clean.	sour cream, sugar, vanilla, eggs, baking soda, flour, banana, butter, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Boston Cream Pie Cookies	6 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2% milk, 6 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, 1 large egg yolk, beaten, room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 9 tablespoons butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 2 large egg yolks, room temperature, 1 large egg, room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons cake flour, 1 cup all-purpose flour, 3/4 teaspoon baking soda, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 4 teaspoons butter, 1/2 cup whipping cream, 1 cup confectioners' sugar	In a small heavy saucepan, combine the sugar, cornstarch and salt. Stir in milk and cream until smooth. Cook and stir over medium-high heat until thickened and bubbly. Reduce heat to low; cook and stir 2 minutes longer., Remove from the heat. Stir a small amount of hot mixture into egg yolk; return all to the pan, stirring constantly. Bring to a gentle boil; cook and stir 2 minutes longer. Remove from the heat. Stir in vanilla. Cool for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Transfer to a small bowl. Press waxed paper onto surface of custard. Refrigerate for 2-3 hours., In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the egg yolks, egg, vanilla and lemon zest. Combine the cake flour, all-purpose flour, baking soda and salt; gradually add to creamed mixture alternately with buttermilk and mix well., Drop by rounded teaspoonfuls 2 in. apart onto greased, . Bake at 400 degrees  for 5-7 minutes or until firm to the touch. Remove to wire racks to cool completely., Spread custard over the bottoms of half of the cookies; top with remaining cookies., For glaze, place chocolate and butter in a small bowl. In a small saucepan, bring cream just to a boil. Pour over chocolate and butter; whisk until smooth. Stir in confectioners' sugar. Spread over cookies; let dry completely. Store in the refrigerator.	egg yolks, cake flour, buttermilk, egg, sugar, vanilla, egg yolk, whipping cream, baking soda, lemon zest, chocolate, heavy whipping cream, cornstarch, flour, milk, butter, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Fudge	2 c. sugar, 1 stick butter, 1/4 c. cocoa, 1 small can Pet milk, 1 tsp. vanilla, 1 rounded Tbsp. flour, 1 c. nuts (if desired)	Combine all ingredients except vanilla., Bring to a boil; cook until, when dropped in cold water, it forms a ball., Add vanilla. Remove from heat and beat until stiff., Pour into glass pan.	sugar, vanilla, pet milk, flour, nuts, cocoa, butter	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Pasta Primavera With Three Cheeses	6 oz. spaghetti or linguini, 2 c. chopped red or green peppers, 2 c. sliced zucchini or squash, 2 c. sliced mushrooms, 1 tsp. butter or margarine, 1 c. part skim milk Ricotta cheese, 1/4 c. milk, 1/2 c. shredded skim milk Mozzarella cheese, 2 Tbsp. grated Parmesan cheese, 1 1/4 tsp. Italian seasoning, 1/2 tsp. salt, 1/4 tsp. ground pepper	Cook spaghetti according to directions., In a 12-inch skillet, cook peppers, squash and mushrooms in margarine for 3 to 4 minutes until almost tender., Drain pasta., Toss with vegetables in skillet., Transfer to heated platter, cover to keep warm., In medium saucepan, combine Ricotta, Mozzarella, milk, Parmesan, Italian seasoning, salt and pepper., Cook over medium heat until warm (do not boil)., Spoon over pasta and vegetables.	ground pepper, milk, italian seasoning, mozzarella cheese, parmesan cheese, mushrooms, linguini, red, ricotta cheese, butter, zucchini, salt	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Potato Pancakes	2 c. grated potatoes, 1 egg, 1/2 c. milk, 1 c. flour, 2 tsp. salt, 3 tsp. baking powder	Mix egg, milk, flour, salt and baking powder together., Don't overmix batter; may be lumpy., Grate 5 or 6 medium peeled potatoes into batter., Cook on lightly greased hot griddle.	potatoes, egg, baking powder, flour, milk, salt	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Passover Charoseth	4 ounces walnuts, 2 ounces dried apricots, 2 ounces pitted prunes, 2 ounces pitted dates, 1 large apple, peeled, cored, and cut into large chunks, 1 medium seedless orange, Mineola or Tangelo, cut into eighths, skin and all, 1/4 cup sweet wine, 1 tbsp brandy or cognac, 1/3 tsp cinnamon, pinch of nutmeg, pinch of ground cloves, 1/2 tbsp lime juice, 1 tbsp matzo meal	Combine fruits and nuts in food processor and pulse several times until finely chopped but not pureed. In a large bowl, combine this mixture with all other ingredients.	apricots, apple, sweet wine, matzo meal, nutmeg, cinnamon, ground cloves, dates, prunes, orange, walnuts, lime juice, brandy	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Sunshine Punch	1 can pineapple juice, 3 c. orange juice, 1/2 c. lemon juice, 1 can chunk pineapple, 1 jar cherries and orange slices, orange or pineapple ice cream sherbet, 2 (2 liter) 7-Up or ginger ale	Freeze in a Bundt pan the juices and fruit. Put frozen ring in punch bowl. Add sherbet, then add pop.	liter, lemon juice, pineapple juice, orange, cherries, orange juice, pineapple	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Peanut Butter Fudge(No Cooking)	2 c. powdered sugar, 2 c. peanut butter, 1 tsp. vanilla, 1 tsp. butter, small amount of milk	Mix all ingredients together., Put in buttered plate until set good., Cut into squares.	vanilla, powdered sugar, peanut butter, amount of milk, butter	Sweet	Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Mexican Taco Dip	1 (8 oz.) cream cheese, softened, 1 small onion, diced, 1 can Hormel chili (without beans), 1 (7 1/2 oz.) can Old El Paso hot jalapeno relish, 8 oz. shredded sharp Cheddar cheese	Spread softened cream cheese in shallow casserole dish., Add in layers, chili, relish and onion., Top with shredded cheese. Heat in microwave for several minutes until cheese is melted and bubbly., Serve warm with nachos.	shredded sharp cheddar cheese, hormel chili, onion, cream cheese	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Peanut Butter Cookies	1 c. shortening, 1 c. peanut butter, 1 c. sugar, 1 c. brown sugar, 2 eggs, 2 1/2 c. flour, 2 tsp. baking powder	Cream shortening, peanut butter and sugar until smooth., Add eggs, then flour sifted with baking powder., Roll into small balls. Place on cookie sheet., With a wet fork, flatten in a crisscross design., Bake at 440 degrees  about 10 minutes., Yield:, 4 dozen.	sugar, baking powder, shortening, brown sugar, eggs, peanut butter, flour	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian
Marinated Green Beans	1 c. sugar, 1 c. vinegar, 1 Tbsp. vegetable oil, 1/2 c. water, 2 (16 oz.) cans green beans, 2 medium onions, thinly sliced and separated into rings	Combine sugar, vinegar, oil and water in a medium saucepan. Boil for 2 minutes., Combine beans and onion rings; add hot marinade., Set aside to cool., Refrigerate and marinate at least overnight., Yield:, 6 to 8 servings., Excellent for low-fat diets.	vinegar, sugar, water, green beans, onions, vegetable oil	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Pastrami Rueben With Pickled Brussell Sprouts, Cucumber, And Gruyere	Burger, 1 pound Brisket, 4 tablespoons Cracked Peper, 2 tablespoons Ground Coriander, 1 tablespoon Mustard Powder, 1 tablespoon Brown Sugar, 1 tablespoon Smoked Paprika, 2 teaspoons Garlic powder, 2 teaspoons Onion Powder, Garlic Aioli, 1 Egg Yolk, 2 Roasted Garlic Cloves, 1 Lemon Squeezed, 1/4 cup Olive Oil, 1 teaspoon Brown Mustard	Form 4 1/4 lb burgers with Brisket., Combine all other ingredients in a bowl., Sprinkle liberally on burger and wrap. Let bstand for at least 1 Hour, Combine all Ingredients and blend till imulsified.	egg, brisket, brown sugar, burger, onion powder, mustard powder, lemon squeezed, brown mustard, ground coriander, paprika, garlic, olive oil	Savoury	Dairy-free, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Mexican Turkey Cutlets With Fresh Salsa	4 green onions, 1 (4 oz.) can chopped green chilies, 1 red pepper, halved and seeded, 6 Tbsp. oil, 3 drops hot red pepper sauce, 1 large egg, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 1/2 tsp. ground cumin, 1/2 tsp. ground coriander, 1/4 tsp. cinnamon, 1 c. crushed tortilla chips, 4 to 6 turkey cutlets	Coarsely chop green onions and red pepper., Combine in small bowl with chilies and liquid, 3 tablespoons oil and pepper sauce. Cover and refrigerate., In a bowl, beat egg with 1 tablespoon oil, garlic and spices., Place chips on waxed paper., Dip cutlets into egg mixture, then chips., Brown cutlets in 2 tablespoons hot oil 3 to 4 minutes on each side., Serve with salsa.	green chilies, oil, egg, ground cumin, green onions, cinnamon, red pepper, turkey cutlets, pepper sauce, tortilla chips, ground coriander, garlic	Savoury	Dairy-free, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Chocolate Milkshake Pops	1 1/2 cups milk, 1/2 cup heavy cream, chocolate syrup, candy sprinkles	Mix the milk and heavy cream together., Add in chocolate syrup. Use as much chocolate syrup as you would to make chocolate milk. This is to your own taste., Stir the milk mixture very well., In an ice-pop mold, fill each cup with enough sprinkles to cover the bottom., Now, pour a little chocolate syrup into the bottom of each ice-pop mold cup. You should not see the sprinkles now., Pour the milk mixture into each mold cup., Freeze for 6 hours., Enjoy!	heavy cream, sprinkles, chocolate syrup, milk	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Ritz Fried Shrimp	2 c. pancake mix, 1 lb. shrimp, 1 egg, milk, Ritz crackers	Combine egg, milk and pancake mix as you would prepare for pancakes., Crush about 3 or 4 cups of Ritz crackers in food processor and place in a separate bowl., One at a time, dip shrimp into pancake mix, then roll shrimp into cracker crumbs., Place on tray., Deep fry until golden brown.	egg, crackers, pancake mix, milk, shrimp	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Ham Roll-Ups	2-1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/3 cup shortening, 1 cup whole milk, 3 cups cubed fully cooked ham (1/4-inch pieces), 1/2 cup finely chopped onion, 2 teaspoons ground mustard, 2 teaspoons butter, 2 teaspoons all-purpose flour, 1/2 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon steak sauce, 1 teaspoon ground mustard, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/8 teaspoon pepper, 2 cups shredded cheddar cheese	In a bowl, combine flour, baking powder and salt. Cut in the shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add milk all at once and stir just until moistened., Turn onto well-floured surface and knead gently 8-10 times. Roll into a 12x11-in. rectangle. In a bowl, combine the ham, onion and mustard; sprinkle over dough. Beginning with a long side, roll-up jelly-roll style. Cut into 1-in. slices and place, cut side down, 2 in. apart on a greased, . Bake at 400 degrees  for 12-15 minutes or until golden brown., For sauce, melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Stir in flour until smooth; gradually add milk. Cook and stir until thickened. Add steak sauce, mustard, salt, pepper and cheese. Stir until melted. Serve with roll-ups.	baking powder, pepper, steak sauce, shortening, cheddar cheese, onion, ham, flour, milk, ground mustard, butter, salt	Savoury	Nut-free
Egg Noodles	2 1/2 cups white flour, 1 whole egg, 6 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 3 teaspoons cold water	In a large bowl combine flour and salt., Make a well., Mix together the wet ingredients and pour into well., Mix well., Turn out onto a floured board and knead until firm, shiny and elastic., At this point cover and chill for 1 hour, up to 24 hours., When ready to use follow instructions for manual pasta machine or cut into manageable pieces and roll out to desired thickness, cut into desired shape.	egg yolks, egg, cold water, vegetable oil, white flour, salt	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free
Olivio Black Forest Baked Eggs	2 tablespoons Olivio Original made with California Olive Oil, 4 tablespoon Heavy Cream, 2 slices Black Forest Ham, 4 Large Eggs, 2 tablespoons Rosemary, Thyme, Oregano Mix, 2 tablespoon Shredded Parmesan Cheese, 1 teaspoon Parsley, 1 pinch Salt, 1 pinch Pepper	Preheat broiler, Place Olivio Original and cream in the center of a gratin dish, Place gratin dish under broiler for 1-2 minutes and keep a close eye so as not to burn the mixture, Stage remaining ingredients; sliced ham, 2 eggs cracked in small bowls, minced herbs, grated cheese, salt and pepper, When the Olivio Buttery Spread has melted, pull the gratin dish out and quickly lay down the ham, Gently pour the eggs on top, Sprinkle with cheese, herbs and salt and pepper to taste, Place back under the broiler for about 5 minutes or until the whites are cooked through and the cheese has started to lightly brown, Remove from oven, garnish with parsley and serve with toast, Enjoy!	black forest, pepper, heavy cream, eggs, parmesan cheese, rosemary, parsley, olive oil, salt	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Jello Pretzel Salad	2 c. broken pretzels, 8 oz. cream cheese, 8 oz. Cool Whip, 2 (10 oz.) pkg. frozen strawberries, 3/4 c. melted margarine, 1 c. sugar, 6 oz. strawberry Jell-O, 2 c. boiling water	Place broken pretzels in the bottom of a 9 x 13-inch baking dish; stir in melted margarine and spread mixture evenly in dish. Bake 8 minutes at 400 degrees ., Cool completely.	sugar, frozen strawberries, strawberry, cream cheese, pretzels, margarine, boiling water	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Orzo Salad	1 cup uncooked orzo pasta, 2 cups cooked chickpeas, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1 cup chopped parsley (or a parsley and basil mix), 1 cup chopped green onions or 1 cup red onion, 15 -20 ripe cherry tomatoes (halved or quartered), 1 large bell pepper, chopped (any color), 2 tablespoons capers, roughly chopped, 1/2 cup olive (black or green, halved), 2 (6 ounce) cans tuna (chunks or flaked), 4 -6 hardboiled egg, quartered, Dressing, 3/4 cup olive oil, 1/2 cup lemon juice, 1/4 cup thick plain yogurt, 2 crushed garlic cloves, salt and pepper	Cook orzo al dente according to packet directions., Drain and rinse with cold water, drain again then transfer to a bowl., Add all the salad ingredients except for the tuna and eggs., In a jar mix all the dressing ingredients and shake well, pour half of the dressing over the salad and mix together., Cover and place in the fridge so the flavors can develop, for at least one hour., Before serving add the rest of the dressing and the tuna, toss and garnish with the eggs., Alternatively serve the rest of the dressing in a small jug on the side.	bell pepper, dressing, green onions, lemon juice, tuna, yogurt, feta cheese, capers, olive (black, parsley, orzo pasta, hardboiled egg, cherry tomatoes, garlic, chickpeas, olive oil, salt	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Apple Kuchen Bars	3 cups all-purpose flour, divided, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1-1/2 cups cold butter, divided, 4 to 5 tablespoons ice water, 8 cups thinly sliced peeled tart apples (about 8 medium), 2 cups sugar, divided, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon	Preheat oven to 350 degrees . Place 2 cups flour and salt in a food processor; pulse until blended. Add 1 cup butter; pulse until butter is the size of peas. While pulsing, add just enough ice water to form moist crumbs. Press mixture onto bottom of a greased, . Bake until edges are lightly browned, 20-25 minutes. Cool on a wire rack., In a large bowl, combine apples, 1 cup sugar and cinnamon; toss to coat. Spoon over crust. Place remaining flour, butter and sugar in food processor; pulse until coarse crumbs form. Sprinkle over apples. Bake until golden brown and apples are tender, 60-70 minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack. Cut into bars.	all-purpose flour, sugar, cold butter, water, apples, ground cinnamon, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Snickerdoodles	1/2 c. butter, softened, 1/2 c. shortening, 1 1/2 c. sugar, 2 eggs, 2 t. vanilla, 2 3/4 c. flour, 2 t. cream of tartar, 1 t. baking soda, 2 T. sugar, 1/4 t. salt, 2 t. cinnamon	Preheat oven to 400., , Cream butter, shortening, 1 1/2 c. sugar, eggs and vanilla. Blend in cream of tartar, flour, soda and salt. Shape by rounded spoonfuls into balls., , Mix the 2 T. sugar and the cinnamon. Roll balls of dough in mixture. Place 2\ apart on ungreased cookie sheet., , Bake 8-10 minutes, or until set. Remove immediately from cookie sheets.	sugar, vanilla, shortening, eggs, baking soda, cinnamon, flour, cream of tartar, butter, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Old-Fashioned Tea Cakes	4 eggs, beaten lightly, 2 c. sugar, 1 c. butter, melted, 1/4 to 1/2 tsp. nutmeg, 1 tsp. soda, dissolved in a little bit of buttermilk, 2/3 c. flour	Beat eggs until very light; gradually add sugar and beat again thoroughly., Add melted butter, then nutmeg, soda dissolved., Work in sufficient flour to make a dough., Roll thin; cut out and bake in a quick oven at 400 degrees .	sugar, nutmeg, eggs, soda, flour, butter	Sweet	Vegetarian
Soda Cracker Bar	40 soda crackers (approximately), 2 sticks margarine, 1 c. brown sugar, 1/2 pkg. chocolate chips	Place soda crackers on cookie sheet lined with foil and sprayed with Pam.	crackers, brown sugar, margarine, chocolate chips	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Tex-Mex Chicken Bites(Microwave)	1 lb. skinless, boneless chicken breast halves or turkey breast tenderloin steaks, 1/4 c. cornmeal, 1 tsp. chili powder, 1/2 tsp. paprika, 1/2 tsp. ground red pepper, 1/4 tsp. salt, 2 Tbsp. butter or margarine, shredded iceberg lettuce (optional), 1/2 c. mild salsa or plain low-fat yogurt	In a 12 x 7 1/2 x 2-inch microwave-safe baking dish, place poultry; cover with microwave-safe plastic wrap and turn back one corner to vent., Cook on High for 3 minutes., Turn poultry pieces over and rearrange by moving the outside pieces to the center of dish., Cook, covered, on High for 3 to 4 minutes more or until poultry is tender and no longer pink.	ground red pepper, chili powder, salsa, skinless, cornmeal, paprika, butter, salt	Savoury	Nut-free, Gluten-free
Nutter Butter Ice Cream Cones	15 Nutter Butter sandwich cookies, 2 ounces white chocolate candy melts, 2 ounces white chocolate candy melts, plus, pink food coloring or red food coloring, 2 ounces peanut butter chips, plus, 1/2 - 1 ounce semi-sweet chocolate chips, M&M', multi-color non-pareils, wax paper	Lay a sheet of wax paper on the counter top., Vanilla Ice Cream: Put 2 oz. white candy melts to a small dish. At 50% power, microwave the candy melts for about a minute. Stir, then microwave in 15-20 second internals. Do not overcook. If you do, add a bit of vegetable shortening and stir., Dip top half of Nutter Butter cookies into the melted candy, then lay on wax paper. Sprinkle with multi-color non-pareils and top with an M&M., Strawberry Ice Cream: Add red/pink food coloring to white candy melts. Repeat dipping/decorating process used above., Chocolate Ice Cream: Put peanut butter chips and semisweet chocolate chips in a small dish. Use just enough semisweet chocolate to get a nice chocolate ice cream color. Microwave at 50% power for 45 seconds, continue in 15-20 second intervals until melted. I like adding a little bit of shortening. Repeat dipping/decorating process used above., Allow to harden and enjoy.	wax paper, multi-color non-pareils, peanut butter, white chocolate, coloring, semi-sweet chocolate chips, butter	Sweet	Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Salmon Rolls With Shrimp And Horseradish Sauce	1 head Savoy or Napa cabbage, 4 None salmon fillets, 2 None medium egg whites, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 None spring onion, trimmed and shredded lengthways, 2 tbsp butter, 1 None onion, finely diced, 3 tbsp plain flour, 1 cup vegetable stock, 1-2 tbsp prepared horseradish, 5 oz cooked and peeled shrimp, 4 tbsp fresh dill fronds, roughly chopped	Peel 8 of the large, outer leaves from the cabbage and blanch in boiling, salted water for 2 mins then drain. Position a knife flat against the central ridge of each leaf and slice down the ridge to trim away some of the fibers., Slice 2 salmon fillets into small pieces then place in a mixing bowl and mash. Gradually mash in the egg whites and 2/3 cup cream. Season., Slice the 2 remaining salmon fillets into quarters. Lay each of the cabbage leaves flat and divide the mashed salmon mixture between them. Spread evenly over the surface of each cabbage leaf, leaving a 3/4 inch margin. Lay the sliced spring onion on top of the salmon mixture then place a piece of sliced salmon on top at one end of the cabbage leaf. Roll up the piece of salmon in the cabbage, taking care to fold in the edges of the leaf as you roll. Wrap each roll in foil., Bring a large pan of water to a boil, then slide in the salmon rolls. Simmer for 25-30 mins. Meanwhile, make the sauce by melting the butter in a saucepan, add the onions and saute for 3-4 mins. Sprinkle in flour and mix well then gradually whisk in the stock and horseradish. Simmer, stirring for 4-5 mins until thickened then season and fold in the shrimp., Divide the sauce between 4 bowls. Unwrap the salmon rolls and slice, then arrange 2 on each plate. Sprinkle with dill then serve.	heavy cream, salmon, savoy, horseradish, onion, egg whites, vegetable stock, flour, spring onion, dill, shrimp, butter	Savoury	Nut-free
Love Knots	5 1/2 c. flour, 1 c. sugar, 4 Tbsp. baking powder, 5 eggs, 2 Tbsp. vanilla, 1/2 c. milk, 1 c. butter or margarine (2 sticks melted), Anisette to taste, confectioners sugar, lemon juice	Combine sugar, eggs, milk and vanilla in mixer until creamy, then add flour and baking powder, a little at a time to mixture to make dough., Knead the dough about 5 to 10 minutes., Roll into knots and bake for 12 minutes., Rotate trays from bottom to top. Do not overbake., They must be white, not brown., Let cool.	baking powder, sugar, vanilla, lemon juice, eggs, flour, anisette, confectioners sugar, milk, butter	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Broccoli Corn Bread	1 pkg. Jiffy corn meal mix, 1 stick melted oleo, 4 eggs, 1 tsp. salt, 6 oz. buttermilk, 1 small chopped onion, 1 (10 oz.) chopped broccoli, thawed	Mix all ingredients well., Spray 9 x 13-inch pan with Pam. Bake at 400 degrees  for 15 to 20 minutes.	buttermilk, oleo, corn meal, eggs, onion, broccoli, salt	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Oven Baked Peas	2 Tbsp. butter, 2 Tbsp. flour, 1 1/4 c. milk, 1/4 c. mushrooms, 1/4 c. pimentos, 1/8 tsp. Worcestershire, 1/2 c. grated American cheese, 1 (No. 2) can peas, drained	Melt butter in saucepan and add flour and milk and cook until smooth., Cut, mushrooms and pimento;, add to sauce., Add cheese, Worcestershire., Cook, until cheese melts., Add peas. Pour in casserole, top with crumbs, dot with butter; sprinkle a dash of paprika., Bake at 350 degrees  for 25 to 30 minutes.	american cheese, peas, mushrooms, worcestershire, flour, pimentos, milk, butter	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Cocoa Creme Pie	1/2 c. cocoa, 1 1/2 c. sugar, 2 c. milk, pinch of salt, 1/4 c. cornstarch, 3 egg yolks, 2 tsp. vanilla	Mix cocoa, cornstarch, egg yolks, salt and milk., Cook until thick., Stir constantly., Add vanilla and pour into a baked pie crust., Cover with meringue, made by beating the egg whites and adding sugar., Brown pie.	sugar, vanilla, cornstarch, cocoa, milk, egg yolks, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Hot Artichoke Dip	1 can artichoke hearts, finely chopped, 1 c. mayonnaise, 1 c. Parmesan cheese, 1/2 tsp. cayenne pepper	Mix all ingredients thoroughly and bake in greased casserole dish at 350 degrees  for 30 minutes., Serve with crackers.	cayenne pepper, mayonnaise, parmesan cheese, hearts	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Smoked Salmon Quesadillas With Creamy Chipotle Sauce	1/2 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, 2 tablespoons minced chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1/8 teaspoon salt, 1/8 teaspoon pepper, 1/4 cup cream cheese, softened, 2 ounces fresh goat cheese, 3 flour tortillas (8 inches), 3 ounces smoked salmon or lox, chopped, 1/4 cup finely chopped shallots, 1/4 cup finely chopped roasted sweet red pepper, Coarsely chopped fresh cilantro	In a small bowl, mix the first 5 ingredients. In another bowl, mix cream cheese and goat cheese until blended; spread over tortillas. Top half side of each with the salmon, shallots and red pepper; fold over., Place quesadillas on a greased griddle. Cook over medium heat until lightly browned and cheeses are melted, 1-2 minutes on each side. Serve with sauce; top with cilantro.	pepper, goat cheese, flour tortillas, salmon, peppers, cream cheese, shallots, lime juice, creme fraiche, roasted sweet red pepper, fresh cilantro, salt	Savoury	Nut-free
Tortiere	8 oz button mushrooms trimmed, 1 small onion quartered, 2 cloves garlic, 2 tsp vegetable oil, 1 1/2lb lean ground pork, 2 tbsp quick-cooking rolled oats, 3/4 tsp salt, pepper, 1/2 tsp dried thyme,savory,cloves, 1 egg beaten, Pastry, 3 cups all purpose flour, 1 tsp salt, 1/2 cup cold unsalted butted cubed, 1/2 cup cold lard cubed, 1 egg, 2 tsp vinegar, ice water	In food processor, pulse together mushrooms, onion and garlic until finely chopped., In large nonstick skillet, heat oil over medium high heat cook mushroom mixture, stirring occasionally, until no liquid remains, about 5 min. Transfer to bowl;set aside, In same skillet brown pork, breaking up with spoon about 8 minutes., Stir in rolled oats, salt, pepper, thyme savory and cloves. Return mushroom mixture to pan along with 1/3 cup water; cook over medium low heat uncovered and stirring occasionally, until almost no liquid remains about 10 min., Transfer to bowl; cover and refrigerate for 45 min. (Make ahead; cover and refrigerate up to 24 hours., Really flaky pastry, Meanwhile in bowl whisk flour with salt. Using pastry blender cut in butter and lard until in coarse crumbs with a few larger pieces., In liquid measure, beat egg with vinegar, add enough ice water to make 2/3 cup. Drizzle over flour mixture tossing with fork until ragged dough forms. Divide in half; press into discs. Wrap each and refrigerate until chilled about 30 min. (make ahead refrigerate up to 2 days), Combine egg with 1 tbsp water to make egg waash. On lightly flourred surface; roll out 1 of the pastry discs to scant 1inch thickness; fit into 9 \ pie plate. Spoon in filling. Roll out remaining pastry. Brush pie rim wit some of the egg wash; cover top with pastry. Trim leaving 3/4\ overhang. Gently lift botto pastry rim and fold overhand under rim; press together to seal. Make ahead; cover and refrigerate for up to 24 hours., Brush pastry with egg wash; cut steam vents in top. Bake in bottom third of 400 F oven until hot and golden brown about 50 minutes. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving.	cold lard, egg, vinegar, lean ground pork, cold unsalted, oats, pastry, onion, mushrooms, water, flour, thyme, garlic, vegetable oil, salt	Savoury	Dairy-free, Nut-free
Honey Roasted Turkey Breast	1 1/2 kg boneless turkey breast, fresh, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1/3 cup margarine, butter flavored, 1/3 cup honey, 1/3 cup white wine, pepper, to taste	Place the turkey breast in a shallow roasting pan., In a medium sauce pan, combine remaining ingredients and gently simmer for 3-5 minutes, allowing the flavor from the sprig on rosemary (I used one that was about 5 inches long) to infuse into the sauce. Remove and keep the sprig of rosemary., If you have an injector, inject about 1/2 of the wine/butter/honey mixture into the breast in several locations. Drizzle another 1/4 of the mixture on top of the breast. Season with pepper. I do not use salt because it can draw out some of the moisture of the turkey and it really doesn't need it., If you don't have an injector, just pour about 1/2 of the mixture on the breast and then season with pepper., Place the sprig of rosemary across the top of the breast., Place in an oven preheated to 325 f until the turkey reaches an internal temperature of 160. This took our oven about 2 hours but keep a close eye on it so you don't dry it into turkey jerkey instead of turkey breast. At about 45 minutes, baste it with some of the remaining butter/wine/honey mixture. At 1hour and 15 minutes start basting it every 30 minutes with the juices from the pan., Remove at 160 degrees, discard the rosemary, and wrap the breast in foil for at least 15 minutes but will stay warm for much longer.	pepper, turkey breast, rosemary, margarine, white wine, honey	Sweet	Dairy-free, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Coconut Macaroons	2 egg whites, 3/4 c. sugar, 1/4 tsp. salt, 1/2 tsp. vanilla, 1 1/3 c. coconut or 1 1/3 c. dates and nuts	Beat egg whites until stiff., Add sugar gradually while beating constantly., Fold in salt, vanilla and coconut., Drop by spoonfuls on greased cookie sheet., Bake in preheated 275 degrees  oven for 20 to 25 minutes., Remove from cookie sheet immediately.	sugar, vanilla, egg whites, coconut, salt	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Tapioca Cream Pudding	1/3 c. whole tapioca, 1/2 c. sugar, 2 c. milk, 1/4 tsp. salt, 2 eggs, 1 tsp. vanilla	In saucepan, bring 1 quart of water to a boil and add tapioca to boiling water; simmer for 1 1/2 hours., Drain water., In double boiler, put milk, salt and drained tapioca., Cook until tapioca is transparent (about 1 hour)., Stir occasionally., Beat sugar into egg yolks and slowly stir into tapioca., Mix stiffly beaten eggs and add vanilla., Serves 4.	sugar, vanilla, eggs, milk, tapioca, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Bean Salad	1 can green beans, 1 can yellow wax beans, 1 can lima beans, 1 c. celery, chopped, 1 small jar pimentos, 2 1/4 c. sugar, 1 can kidney beans, 1 can pinto beans, 1 c. onions, chopped, 1 c. bell pepper, chopped, 2 1/2 c. vinegar (white)	Drain and rinse beans and drain again., Mix together onions, celery, bell pepper and pimentos., Add to beans., Combine vinegar and sugar and bring to a boil., Pour over bean mixture., Chill overnight and serve.	kidney beans, vinegar, sugar, bell pepper, yellow wax beans, celery, green beans, pimentos, onions, beans, pinto beans	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Pagash -- Pierogi Pizza -- Polish Pizza	2 prepared pizza crust, unbaked (either storebought or your own recipe), 3 cups mashed potatoes (either leftover or reconstituted instant mashed potatoes are fine), 1 large onion, peeled and diced, 1/2 cup butter or 1/2 cup margarine, 8 ounces cheddar cheese, grated, 8 ounces provolone cheese, grated, 8 ounces mozzarella cheese, grated (mix with provolone cheese)	Saute onion in butter or margarine until translucent and golden; stir into mashed potatoes along with cheddar cheese., Refrigerate to let flavors meld., Preheat oven to 400 degrees F., Spread pizza crusts with potato mixture., Top with Provolone and Mozzarella cheese mixture and bake until shells are baked and cheese is melted.	potatoes, provolone cheese, mozzarella cheese, cheddar cheese, onion, butter, pizza crust	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Stuffed Ham & Egg Bread	2 teaspoons canola oil, 1 can (14-1/2 ounces) diced tomatoes, drained, 6 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups chopped fully cooked ham, 1 tube (11 ounces) refrigerated crusty French loaf, 2 cups shredded sharp cheddar cheese	Preheat oven to 400 degrees . In a, , heat oil over medium heat. Add tomatoes; cook and stir until juices are evaporated, 12-15 minutes. Add eggs; cook and stir until they are thickened and and no liquid egg remains, 3-4 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in ham., Unroll dough onto a greased, . Sprinkle cheese lengthwise down one half of the dough to within 1 in. of edges. Top with egg mixture. Fold dough over filling, pinching to seal; tuck ends under., Bake until deep golden brown, 17-20 minutes. Cut into slices.	tomatoes, eggs, crusty, cheddar cheese, canola oil, fully cooked ham	Savoury	Nut-free
Old Country Quiche	1 prepared pie crust, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter or 1 teaspoon margarine, 1/2 cup onion, chopped, 2 cups swiss cheese, shredded, 6 slices lean bacon, cooked and crumbled, 2 tablespoons flour, 3 large eggs, 1 cup 1% low-fat milk, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg	Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Line a 9 inch quiche dish with the pastry and flute the edges. Fill with dry beans and bake for 15 minutes or until light brown. Discard the beans and cool on a rack., Meanwhile, in a 6 inch nonstick skillet, melt the butter over moderately high heat. Add the onion and saute for 5 minutes or until soft and then transfer to a medium size bowl. Toss with the cheese, bacon and flour. Spread in the pie crust., In the same bowl, whisk the eggs with the milk, salt and nutmeg. Pour over the pie mixture and bake, uncovered for 35 minutes or until the center is set.	lean bacon, salt, eggs, ground nutmeg, swiss cheese, onion, crust, flour, milk, unsalted butter	Savoury	
Cabbage Salad	1/2 large head cabbage, 1/2 c. sunflower seeds, 1/2 c. slivered almonds, 1 bunch scallions, Ramen Oriental noodles, 1/2 c. Puritan oil, 2 Tbsp. sugar, 1 pkg. Ramen noodles flavor packet	Shred cabbage and dice scallions., Mix., Add sunflower seeds and almonds., Crunch up noodles by hand., Add to salad.	oil, sugar, ramen noodles, scallions, head cabbage, ramen, sunflower seeds, almonds	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free
Spanish Pork Burgers	1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 3 cups thinly sliced Spanish onions, 3/4 teaspoon fresh ground pepper, divided, 1/4 teaspoon salt, divided, 1 lb ground lean pork, 1 tablespoon finely chopped spanish green olives (such as Manzanilla), 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 teaspoons pimientos, de la vera or 2 teaspoons Hungarian paprika, 1/4 cup reduced-fat mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 pinch saffron, 1/4 cup shredded manchego cheese or 1/4 cup monterey jack cheese, 4 whole wheat hamburger buns, toasted, 2 whole jarred piquillo peppers or 2 jarred pimientos, halved lengthwise	Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat., Add onion, 1/4 teaspoon pepper and 1/8 teaspoon salt., Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and translucent, about 10 to 15 minutes., Set aside half the onion for topping; finely chop the other half., Preheat grill to medium., Place the chopped onion in a large bowl; add pork, olives, garlic, paprika, the remaining 1/2 teaspoon pepper and 1/8 teaspoon salt., Gently combine, without overmixing, until evenly incorporated; form into 4 equal patties, about 1/2 inch thick., Combine mayonnaise, lemon zest, lemon juice and saffron in a small bowl., Oil the grill rack., Grill the burgers, turning once, until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the center registers 165 degrees F, 10 to 12 minutes total., Top with cheese and cook until it is melted, about 1 minute more., Assemble the burgers on toasted buns with the lemon-saffron mayonnaise, some of the reserved onions and a half a Piquillo (or pimiento) pepper., .	fresh ground pepper, lemon juice, extra virgin olive oil, garlic, saffron, ground lean pork, pimientos, manchego cheese, peppers, onions, mayonnaise, whole wheat hamburger buns, freshly grated lemon zest, spanish green olives, salt	Savoury	Nut-free
Grilled Sweet Potatoes With Applesauce	2 1/2 lb. hot cooked sweet potatoes, 4 Tbsp. melted butter or margarine, 2 c. applesauce (sweetened to taste with honey or maple syrup)	Cut hot peeled potatoes in half lengthwise; arrange in shallow baking dish and brush with 2 tablespoons water., Bake at 425 degrees  for 15 minutes., Add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter to the applesauce., Pour over sweet potatoes., Bake 15 minutes longer.	potatoes, butter, applesauce	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Bagel Snack	bagels, cream cheese, butter, sardines, sharp cheese	Cut bagel in half., Heat both halves., Spread with butter, cream cheese and sardines., Serve with thin slices of sharp cheese.	bagels, cream cheese, cheese, sardines, butter	Savoury	Nut-free
Forgotten Cookies Ii	2 egg whites, 1 pinch salt, 2/3 cup white sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup salted peanuts (optional)	Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line cookie sheets with parchment paper or aluminum foil., In a large glass or metal mixing bowl, beat egg whites and salt until foamy. Gradually add sugar, continuing to beat until whites form stiff peaks. Fold in the vanilla and chocolate chips. Add peanuts if desired. Spoon onto the prepared cookie sheets., Place the cookies into the preheated oven, shut the door and turn off the oven immediately. Let cookies sit in the turned off oven for 5 to 6 hours or overnight.	vanilla, egg whites, white sugar, chocolate chips, peanuts, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Maple Shortbread Cookies - Rolled Version	1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 1/2 cup maple sugar, 1/4 cup white sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, omit if using salted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/4 teaspoon maple extract, 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons maple sugar, for topping	Beat the butter with the sugars, salt, vanilla and maple extract, until well blended., Beat in the flour to form a smooth dough. The dough will be crumbly at first, but will come together as it's mixed., Divide the dough in half, pat each half into a disk, wrap well and chill for about an hour., Preheat oven to 350*F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper, or grease lightly., Sprinkle the dough and your work surface lightly with flour., Roll the dough till it's a scant 1/4\ thick., Cut cookies with a cutter and place on the prepared baking sheets. Sprinkle with the extra maple sugar., Bake for 10 - 12 minutes or until lightly browned., Let sit on the baking sheet for several minutes before moving to a rack to cool completely.	vanilla, unsalted butter, flour, maple, white sugar, maple sugar, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Peanut Brittle	1 c. white Karo, 2 c. raw peanuts, 1 c. sugar	Boil until color of light brown., Take off heat and add 1 teaspoon soda., Stir once and pour into cookie sheet.	peanuts, sugar, white karo	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Tuna Macaroni Salad	3 cups uncooked macaroni, 1/3 cup Italian-style salad dressing, 1/2 cup sour cream, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 onion, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 (5 ounce) can tuna, drained	Cook macaroni in a large pot of boiling salted water until done. Drain., Marinate macaroni in Italian dressing for 2 to 3 hours or overnight., Mix sour cream, mayonnaise, onion, celery, garlic powder, tuna, and salt and pepper into macaroni. Chill before serving.	sour cream, macaroni, tuna, stalks celery, onion, ground black pepper, mayonnaise, italian-style salad dressing, garlic, salt	Savoury	Nut-free
Blondie Sundaes With Fried Walnuts And Candied Fennel	Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 1 1/3 cups buckwheat flour, 1/3 cup almond flour or meal, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, 3/4 cup sugar, 5 large egg yolks, 1 large egg, 1 cup raw walnuts, 1 cup sugar, 1 large fennel bulb, fronds reserved, bulb cored, thinly sliced, Zest from 1 lemon, removed in wide strips, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, Vegetable oil (for frying; about 4 cups), 2/3 cup powdered sugar, 2 pints vanilla gelato or ice cream, 1 pint ground cherries or cape gooseberries, husks removed, rinsed, halved (optional), A deep-fry thermometer	Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly coat a 13x9\ baking dish with nonstick spray. Whisk buckwheat flour, almond flour, and salt in a medium bowl to combine., Cook butter in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring often, until it foams, then browns, 5-8 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl; let cool slightly. Add sugar and whisk until smooth. Whisking constantly, add egg yolks one at a time followed by whole egg, beating after each addition to fully incorporate before adding more. Add dry ingredients and mix until smooth. Scrape batter into prepared dish; smooth top., Bake blondies until lightly browned and center is firm when gently pressed, 15-20 minutes. Transfer dish to a wire rack and let cool. Cut into 16 bars., Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Toast walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 5-8 minutes. Let cool slightly; place in a heatproof jar or airtight container., Heat sugar and 1 cup water in a medium saucepan over medium, stirring, until sugar dissolves. Let cool slightly; then pour over walnuts. Seal jar and let sit at least 12 hours and up to 1 day., Pour walnuts into a fine-mesh sieve set over a clean medium saucepan and let syrup drain into saucepan, tossing walnuts to shake off excess. Transfer walnuts to a medium bowl. Reserve sieve., Add sliced fennel and lemon zest to syrup; scrape in vanilla seeds and add pod. Bring to a simmer over low heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until fennel is translucent and tender, 20-25 minutes. Discard pod; let fennel cool in syrup., Fit another medium saucepan with thermometer; pour in oil to come 2\ up sides of pan. Heat oil over medium-high until thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Add powdered sugar to walnuts and toss to coat. Place in reserved sieve and shake off excess sugar. Carefully add walnuts to oil and cook, turning with a spider or slotted spoon to prevent sticking, until brown and crisp, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet; let cool. Break up any clumps., Scoop gelato into bowls. Top with ground cherries, blondies broken into large pieces, walnuts, candied fennel, and fennel fronds., Blondies can be made 2 days ahead. Store tightly covered at room temperature., Walnuts can be fried 2 days ahead. Let cool; store airtight at room temperature. Fennel can be candied 2 days ahead. Let cool in syrup; transfer to an airtight container and chill.	egg yolks, egg, sugar, vanilla bean, powdered sugar, ground cherries, flour, vegetable oil, walnuts, vegetable oil spray, kosher salt, almond flour, vanilla gelato, thermometer, lemon, fennel bulb, butter	Sweet	Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Crackerjacks	1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1/4 cup popcorn kernels, 1 cup salted roasted peanuts, 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/8 teaspoon sweet smoked paprika, Pinch of cayenne, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt	In a medium saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil until shimmering. Add the popcorn kernels, cover and shake the saucepan to coat the kernels with oil. Cook over moderate heat until the popping slows to several seconds between pops. Remove from the heat and wait 30 seconds, then pour the popcorn into a large bowl. Add the peanuts, cumin, cinnamon, paprika and cayenne and toss well to coat the popcorn., Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a medium saucepan, combine the remaining 1/4 cup of oil with the sugar, salt and 1/4 cup of water and bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Cook over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until a light amber caramel forms, about 10 minutes. Immediately pour the caramel over the popcorn and toss quickly with spoons to evenly coat the popcorn and peanuts. Spread the popcorn mixture on the baking sheet in an even layer and let cool completely. Break into bite-size pieces.	cayenne, ground cumin, sugar, popcorn kernels, canola oil, sweet smoked paprika, kosher salt, ground cinnamon, peanuts	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Christmas Pizza	1 (12 ounce) package real milk chocolate chips (or dark, if you prefer), 1 lb white almond bark, cut into small (1-inch), 2 cups miniature marshmallows, 1 cup crisp rice cereal, 1 cup salted peanuts or 1 cup unsalted peanuts, 1 (6 ounce) jar red maraschino cherries, drained, and cut in half, 3 tablespoons green glazed cherries, drained and quartered, 1/3 cup angel flake coconut, 1 tablespoon oil	Microwave chips and 14 oz almond bark in a 2 qt microwave-safe bowl on HIGH for 2 minutes. Stir. Continue microwaving 1 to 2 minute or until smooth when stirred, stirring every 30 seconds., Stir in marshmallows, cereal and peanuts. Pour onto greased 12-inch pizza pan. Top with cherries; sprinkle with coconut., Microwave remaining 2 oz. almond bark and oil in a 1 cup measure for 1 minute and stir. Continue microwaving 30 seconds to 1 minute or until smooth when stirred, stirring every 15 seconds. Drizzle over coconut., Refrigerate until firm (usually 3+ hours). Store at room temperature. Cut into wedges. Makes about 12 large slices.	green glazed cherries, crisp rice cereal, oil, marshmallows, maraschino cherries, milk chocolate chips, angel flake coconut, white almond bark, peanuts	Sweet	Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Cowboy Cookies	2 c. flour, 1 tsp. soda, 1/2 tsp. salt, 1/2 tsp. baking powder, 1 c. shortening, 1 c. white sugar, 1 c. brown sugar, 2 well-beaten eggs, 2 c. quick rolled oats, 1 tsp. vanilla, 1 c. raisins, cooked and drained or 1 pkg. chocolate bits	Sift together dry ingredients; cream shortening and sugar. Add eggs, then stir all until crumbly., Make into small balls. Bake on greased pan 15 minutes at 350 degrees ., Flatten the balls with the bottom of a glass greased with butter and dipped in sugar.	baking powder, vanilla, shortening, brown sugar, eggs, soda, raisins, flour, white sugar, rolled oats, salt	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free
Roasted Sweet Potato Fries	4 sweet potatoes (cut into fries), 1 tablespoon McCormick's Montreal Brand steak seasoning (black pepper), salt, olive oil, to drizzle	preheat oven 350 degrees F., place sweet potatoes on a baking tray in a single layer., drizzle with olive oil., sprinkle with montreal stake spice and salt., bake or 30-45 min (each oven varies a little)., turning once.	sweet potatoes, olive oil, black pepper, salt	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Taco Salad	1 head iceberg lettuce, 1 red pepper, 1 green pepper, 2 cans black olives (small can), 3 tomatoes, 2 small or 1 large bottle Catalina dressing, 1 large bag Doritos, 1 pkg. taco mix, 1 lb. ground hamburg	Finely chop first five ingredients., Cook hamburg per directions on back of taco mix., Crush bag of Doritos very fine. Mix all ingredients with Catalina salad dressing., Chill., (Mix ingredients about five hours before serving.) Do not mix overnight., Enjoy!	tomatoes, dressing, taco, red pepper, black olives, ground hamburg, doritos, green pepper	Savoury	Dairy-free, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Cookie Pizza	1/2 c. brown sugar, 1/4 c. granulated sugar, 1/2 c. butter, 1 tsp. vanilla, 1 egg, 1 1/4 c. flour, 1/2 tsp. soda, 1 pkg. chocolate chips, 1 c. whipped cream, M&M's, candy bars, chocolate chips	Mix the margarine, sugars, vanilla and egg., Stir in flour and soda., Stir in chocolate chips., Spread on an ungreased 12-inch pizza pan or cookie sheet., Bake for about 15 minutes, or until golden brown., Cool., Just before serving, put whipping cream on cookie., Sprinkle with walnuts, M&M's, chocolate chips, candy bars, etc., Refrigerate.	egg, vanilla, granulated sugar, brown sugar, soda, flour, whipped cream, chocolate chips, butter	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Whole Wheat-Banana Pancakes	1/2 c. all-purpose flour, 1/2 c. whole wheat flour, 2 tsp. baking powder, 1 Tbsp. sugar, 1/4 tsp. ground nutmeg, 2/3 to 3/4 c. skim milk, 1/2 c. mashed ripe banana (about 1 medium), 1 Tbsp. vegetable oil, 1 egg, lightly beaten	Combine first five ingredients in a large bowl; stir well. Combine milk and next three ingredients; add to dry ingredients, stirring until smooth., (Start with 2/3 cup milk and add more if necessary after all ingredients are combined.), Spoon about 1/4 cup batter onto a hot nonstick griddle or nonstick skillet., Turn pancakes when tops are covered with bubbles and edges look cooked. Makes approximately 9 (4 inch) pancakes.	egg, baking powder, sugar, mashed ripe banana, ground nutmeg, all-purpose, milk, whole wheat flour, vegetable oil	Sweet	Vegetarian
Homemade Potato Salad	1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons all-purpose flour, 1/4 teaspoon ground mustard, Pinch salt, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1/3 cup water, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 3/4 cup mayonnaise, 5 large potatoes, cooked, peeled and cubed, 4 hard-boiled large eggs, chopped, 1 cup chopped celery, 1/4 cup chopped green onions, Salt and pepper to taste	In a small saucepan, combine the sugar, flour, mustard and salt. Combine the egg, water and vinegar; stir into dry ingredients until smooth. Cook and stir until mixture reaches 160 degrees  and coats the back of a metal spoon. Remove from the heat; cool slightly. Stir in mayonnaise., In a large bowl, combine the potatoes, hard-boiled eggs, celery, onions, salt and pepper. Add dressing; toss gently to coat. Refrigerate until serving.	potatoes, egg, sugar, green onions, eggs, water, white vinegar, flour, celery, mayonnaise, ground mustard, salt	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free
Taylor'S Favorite Peanut Butter Cookies	1/2 c. peanut butter, 1/2 c. brown sugar, packed, 1/2 c. granulated sugar, 1/4 c. shortening, 1 egg, well beaten, 1 c. flour (self-rising), 1/2 tsp. soda	Cream peanut butter, sugars and shortening., Add egg; mix well., Add flour and soda., Dough will be very stiff., Make into balls and press down with fork., Bake on ungreased cookie sheet at 350 degrees  for 10 to 15 minutes.	egg, sugar, shortening, brown sugar, peanut butter, soda, flour	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian
Mrs. Barrett'S Sugar Cookies	1 c. sugar, 1 c. powdered sugar, packed, 2 sticks butter, 1 c. oil, 2 eggs, 5 c. plain flour, 1 Tbsp. baking soda, 1 Tbsp. cream of tartar, 2 tsp. vanilla	Preheat oven to 350 degrees ., Mix all ingredients together until smooth., Grease cookie sheets or use parchment paper., Bake 8 to 10 minutes, until lightly browned., Cookies are very light and will melt in your mouth.	oil, sugar, vanilla, eggs, powdered sugar, baking soda, flour, cream of tartar, butter	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Spiced Pear And Chocolate Bread Pudding	1 loaf French Bread, 2 whole Barlett Pears, 3 cups Milk, 2% Or More, 3 whole Eggs, 1 Tablespoon Vanilla Extract, 1/2 teaspoons Cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoons All Spice, 1 cup Sugar, 1 cup Chocolate Chips, Non-stick Spray	Preheat oven to 350F. Slice bread into 1/2 inch slices. Set aside., Halve and core two Bartlett pears. Slice thinly, into 1/4\ inch slices. Set aside., Spray a 13x9 inch baking dish with Pam baking spray. Into the pan, alternate one slice of bread stacked with two slices of pear. Repeat this process until all of the bread and pears are used. Overlap bread slices to ensure there are no gaps in pan., In a large bowl, whisk together milk, eggs, vanilla, cinnamon, all spice, and sugar. Pour entire mixture over the top of layered bread and pears., Top with cup of chocolate chips. Bake for 45 minutes, or until center of pudding is set. Scoop and serve warm.	bread, sugar, vanilla, eggs, cinnamon, \u00bc, spray, milk, chocolate chips	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Layered Nacho Dip	1 (16 oz.) can refried beans, 1/2 (1.25 oz.) pkg. taco seasoning mix, 1 (8 oz.) avocado dip, 1 (8 oz.) container sour cream, 1 (4 1/2 oz.) can chopped ripe olives, 2 large diced tomatoes, 1 small finely chopped onion, 1 (4 oz.) can chopped green chilies, 1 1/2 c. (6 oz.) shredded Monterey Jack or cheddar cheese	Combine beans and seasoning mix., Spread bean mixture in a 12 x 8 x 2-inch pan., Layer remaining ingredients in order listed. Serve with corn chips., Yield:, 8 cups.	green chilies, sour cream, tomatoes, cheddar cheese, onion, taco seasoning mix, beans, olives, avocado	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Oatmeal Cranberry Cookies	1 cup melted butter, cooled, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 2/3 cup white sugar, 2 eggs, 1 1/2 tsp. vanilla, 1 cup flour, 1/2 tsp. salt, 1 tsp. baking powder, 1 tsp. baking soda, 3 cups rolled oats, 1 1/2 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup walnuts, coarsely chopped and toasted (optional)	In a large bowl, thoroughly stir together butter and sugars. Beat in eggs and vanilla., , Add flour, salt, baking powder and baking soda. Mix well. Add oats, nuts and berries. Mix again., , Scoop dough onto cookie sheet lined with parchment paper. Flatten dough gently into thick rounds. Bake 8-10 minutes at 350 degrees. Cool cookies on paper on racks. For chewy cookies, cook a little less (until the edges look toasty but the tops still look pale and soft.)	baking powder, vanilla, brown sugar, eggs, baking soda, cranberries, flour, walnuts, white sugar, rolled oats, butter, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian
Barbara'S Banana Bread	1 box yellow cake mix, 1 pkg. instant vanilla pudding, 3/4 c. water, 3/4 c. ground walnuts, 1/2 c. vegetable oil, 4 eggs, 1 Tbsp. vanilla, 1 c. mashed banana, pinch of salt	Put all ingredients in a bowl and mix thoroughly with an electric mixer., Pour the batter into two 4 x 8-inch greased and floured loaf pans., Bake at 350 degrees  for 45 minutes or until it tests done., Makes 2 medium loaves.	banana, vanilla, instant vanilla pudding, eggs, water, ground walnuts, yellow cake mix, vegetable oil, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian
Crunchy Cookies	1/2 c. oleo, 1/2 c. shortening, 1 1/4 c. brown sugar, 1 c. sugar, 2 eggs, 1 tsp. vanilla, 2 c. flour, 1 tsp. baking powder, 1 tsp. salt, 1 1/2 c. oatmeal, 1 1/2 c. cornflakes, 1/4 c. chopped pecans	Cream together oleo, shortening and sugars. Add eggs and vanilla. Add flour, baking powder and salt; mix well. Stir in oatmeal, cornflakes and pecans. Use 1/4 cup mixture for each cookie. Bake at 350 degrees  for about 15 minutes or until brown.	oleo, sugar, vanilla, baking powder, shortening, brown sugar, eggs, pecans, flour, cornflakes, oatmeal, salt	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian
7 Layer Cookies	1/2 stick oleo, 1 can flaked coconut, 1 (6 oz.) pkg. butterscotch chips, 1 c. chopped pecans, 1 c. graham cracker crumbs, 1 (6 oz.) pkg. chocolate chips, 1 can sweetened condensed milk	Melt, oleo, in 9 x 12-inch baking pan., Spread ingredients, by layers in order listed., Bake at 325 degrees  for 30 minutes. Let cool in pan., Cut into squares.	condensed milk, oleo, graham cracker crumbs, pecans, butterscotch chips, chocolate chips, flaked coconut	Sweet	Vegetarian
Skillet Squash	5 to 6 medium size yellow squash, sliced, 1 onion, sliced, 2 tomatoes, sliced, 1/4 c. butter, dash of soy sauce, salt and pepper to taste, 3/4 c. shredded cheese	Place all of the ingredients in a skillet., Simmer for 20 minutes., Pour in casserole., Sprinkle with cheese.	tomatoes, soy sauce, onion, shredded cheese, butter, yellow squash, salt	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Brie Balls With Spicy Cranberry Dipping Sauce	2 (8-ounce) rounds Brie, 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup all-purpose flour, 1 1/2 cups Italian-seasoned breadcrumbs, Vegetable oil	Trim rind from Brie. Combine Brie and next 3 ingredients in a large bowl; mix well with hands until combined. Shape cheese mixture into 1\ balls. Dip balls in egg; dredge in flour. Dip again in egg; roll in breadcrumbs, pressing firmly so crumbs adhere. Place brie balls on wax paper; chill at least 1 hour., Pour oil to a depth of 2\ in a Dutch oven; heat to 350 degrees . Fry cheese balls, in batches, until golden, about 1 minute; drain on paper towels. Serve immediately with Spicy Cranberry Dipping Sauce.	eggs, rounds brie, parmesan cheese, flour, italian-seasoned breadcrumbs, parsley, garlic, vegetable oil	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Cardamom Butter Squares	cookies, 3 cups all-purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cardamom, 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, icing for cookies, 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 1/2 - 2 tablespoons milk, 1 cup confectioners' sugar, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted	Make cookies:, Whisk together flour, baking powder, salt, cardamom, cinnamon, and allspice in a bowl., Beat together butter and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes in a stand mixer (preferably fitted with paddle attachment) or 4 minutes with a handheld. Beat in eggs and vanilla. Reduce speed to low, then mix in flour mixture until just combined., Form dough into 2 (12-inch) logs (1 1/2 inches in diameter), each on its own sheet of plastic wrap. Use plastic wrap and your hands to roll, press, and square off sides of logs. Chill logs on a baking sheet until slightly firm, about 1 hour, then smooth logs with plastic wrap and flat side of a ruler to achieve straight sides. Chill logs on baking sheet until firm, about 1 hour., Put oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat oven to 350 degrees F., Cut enough scant 1/4-inch-thick slices from a log with a knife to fill 2 large ungreased baking sheets, arranging slices about 1 inch apart (chill remaining dough, wrapped in plastic wrap)., Bake cookies, switching position of sheets halfway through baking, until edges are golden, 10 to 12 minutes total. Cool on sheets 3 minutes, then transfer to racks to cool completely. Make more cookies with remaining dough on cooled baking sheets., To make Icing for cookies:, Whisk together espresso powder, vanilla, and 1 1/2 tablespoons milk until espresso powder is dissolved, then add confectioners sugar and enough additional milk to make a thick but pourable icing. Spoon into a sealable bag and snip 1/8 inch off a bottom corner., Spoon melted chocolate into another sealable bag and snip 1/8 inch off a bottom corner., Pipe some espresso icing and chocolate over each cookie and let cookies stand on racks until icing sets, about 2 hours., Cooks' notes:,  Dough logs can be chilled 5 days or frozen, wrapped in a double layer of plastic wrap, 1 month (thaw in refrigerator just until they can be sliced).,  Cookies (with or without icing) keep, layered between sheets of wax paper or parchment, in an airtight container at room temperature 1 week.	baking powder, sugar, vanilla, unsalted butter, bittersweet chocolate, cookies, eggs, espresso powder, all-purpose, ground cardamom, ground allspice, milk, ground cinnamon, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Sweet Corn Patties With Mozzarella Cheese.	1 cup sweet corn kernels boiled and roughly blended, 150 gm, 1/3 cup capsicum finely chopped, 1/3 cup green onion finely chopped, 1 green chili finely chopped, 1/2 tablespoon ginger paste, salt to taste, 1 tablespoon chat masala or garam masala, 50 grams mozzarella cheese diced into small square, 1 tablespoon rice flour, 1/3 cup water	Blend the corn in a mixer to make a paste not coarse paste, just roughly blend it without using any water.\nTransfer mixture into bowl and all remaining ingredients capsicum, green onion, green chilli, ginger paste, salt and chat masala., Divide Mixture into 10-12 equal portions and using hand make flat base, put 1 cheese cube into it, cover cheese by whole mixture and seal it. Same way, prepare all other balls or flat ball form remaining portions., In small bowl, take rice flour and add 1/3 cup water and dilute rice flour into water and create batter. Consistency of batter is thick enough to cover ball outer layers so that balls. will not disintegrate while you are frying them., Heat the oil in a deep non-stick to fry ball, Deep corn kebab into batter and put it into frying pan. Fry it on medium heat till its color turns into golden brown. Sweet Corn Cheese patties are ready to serve; you can serve with mint-coriander chutney or also with tomato ketchup.	ginger paste, mozzarella cheese, green onion, sweet corn kernels, rice flour, water, chat masala, green chili, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Golden Milk Smoothie	1 banana, chopped, Big spoonful almond butter, Pinky's worth fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, Thumb's worth fresh turmeric, peeled and chopped, Several grinds fresh black pepper, Pinch ground cayenne, 1/2 cup almond milk, plus more as needed, 1/2 cup coconut milk, plus more as needed	Combine the banana, almond butter, ginger, turmeric, and spices in a small plastic bag. Freeze for at least 8 hours or up to several weeks., When you're smoothie-ready, add the almond milk to the blender, then the smoothie kit. Pulse until as smooth as possible, scraping every so often. Add the coconut milk and blend until smooth, supplementing with more of either milk if necessary.	ground cayenne, ginger, spoonful almond butter, coconut milk, fresh black pepper, almond milk, turmeric, banana	Sweet	Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Rozky(Nut Horns)	1 lb. butter, 2 Tbsp. lard or Crisco, 6 c. flour, 1/2 tsp. salt, 1/2 c. lukewarm milk, 2 Tbsp. sugar, 2 small cakes yeast, 3 whole eggs, 5 egg whites	Take flour, sugar and salt., Work butter into flour mixture with fingers., Crumble yeast into warm milk., Add yolks with yeast mixture to flour., Work together until dough sticks firm., Place in refrigerator overnight. When ready to roll dough 1/4 inch thick spread filling, roll up dough and shape into crescent., Bake at 350 degrees  for 15 to 20 minutes., Dust with powdered sugar.	sugar, eggs, lard, egg whites, flour, milk, cakes yeast, butter, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Ritz Cracker Chicken	6 chicken breasts (bone in), 2 rolls or 8 oz. box Ritz crackers, firmly crushed, 1 stick melted margarine	Dip chicken in butter., Roll in Ritz cracker crumbs., Place on a cookie sheet or oblong baking dish., Cover tightly with foil. Bake at 225 degrees  for 2 hours., This is ideal to bake while at church.	rolls, margarine, chicken breasts	Savoury	Dairy-free, Nut-free
Escalloped Potatoes	8 or 10 medium sized potatoes, 1 medium onion, sliced thin, 5 tsp. butter, 2 Tbsp. flour, 2 to 3 c. rich milk, 1 1/2 tsp. salt, 1/3 tsp. pepper, 1 Tbsp. parsley leaves, wieners, ham or bacon may be added if desired	Steam thinly sliced potatoes 10 minutes., Bring milk to a boil, and thicken slightly., Mix ingredients altogether and pour in a greased casserole., Bake covered 1 to 1 1/2 hours at 400 degrees . During, last, 5, or, 10 minutes of baking, place cheese slices on top and bake only until cheese is melted.	potatoes, pepper, wieners, onion, flour, parsley, milk, butter, salt	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Cowboy Cookies	1 c. butter, 1 c. brown sugar, 1 c. white sugar, 2 eggs, 1 tsp. vanilla, 2 c. flour, 1 tsp. soda, 1/2 tsp. salt, 1/2 tsp. baking powder, 2 c. oatmeal, 1/2 to 3/4 c. nuts, 1/2 to 3/4 c. coconut, small pkg. chocolate chips (optional)	Cream until fluffy the butter, brown sugar, white sugar, eggs and vanilla., Sift and add flour, soda, salt and baking powder. Add oatmeal, nuts and coconut., May add chocolate chips., Bake at 350 degrees ., Makes 8 to 9 dozen.	baking powder, vanilla, brown sugar, eggs, soda, flour, nuts, coconut, white sugar, oatmeal, chocolate chips, butter, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian
Escalloped Corn	1 can whole kernel corn, 1 can cream-style corn, 1 c. sour cream, 1 box Jiffy cornbread mix, 1/4 c. melted oleo, 2 beaten eggs, 1 Tbsp. sugar	Mix all together., Put in 9 x 13-inch pan, Pam sprayed., Bake at 350 degrees  for 45 minutes.	oleo, sour cream, mix, sugar, eggs, cream-style corn, whole kernel corn	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Chunky Joe'S Cookies	1 box deep chocolate fudge cake mix, 2 eggs, 1/2 c. butter or margarine, melted, 1/4 c. brown sugar, 1 tsp. vanilla, 1 pkg. semi-sweet chocolate chips (1 c.), 1/2 c. chopped nuts (walnuts or pecans)	Preheat oven at 350 degrees ., Grease cookie sheet., Place cake mix, eggs, butter, brown sugar and vanilla in a large bowl., Stir with a spoon or blender., Stir in chocolate chips and nuts., Drop by level tablespoon onto cookie sheet., Bake at 350 degrees  for 12 minutes. Cookies will be puffy., Let cool on pan 2 minutes, then remove to wire rack to finish cooling.	chocolate fudge, vanilla, eggs, brown sugar, nuts, semi-sweet chocolate chips, butter	Sweet	Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Aunt Beth'S Cornbread	2 eggs, 1/2 c. Wesson oil, 1 c. sour cream, 1 c. plain meal, 3 tsp. baking powder, 1 tsp. salt, 1 small can cream-style corn	Mix and beat well eggs, sour cream and oil., Mix meal, baking powder and salt together, then add to first mixture., Add 1 small can cream-style corn., Bake at 375 degrees  for 40 to 50 minutes in an 8-inch or 9-inch baking dish.	sour cream, baking powder, eggs, wesson oil, meal, cream-style, salt	Sweet	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Mushroom Benedict For Brunch	1 cup almond milk, 2 tablespoons MatoZest, 2 tablespoons arrowroot power mixed in 1/4 cup cold almond milk, 1/2-1 cup fresh mushrooms, 1-2 dashes tamari, 1 dash black pepper, 2 slices tomato, 1 slice whole grain bread	Heat 1 cup almond milk and MatoZest in a saucepan over medium heat, whisking until steam starts to rise. Then add arrowroot/almond milk mixture and whisk until thickened. Remove from heat., , Saute mushrooms in a small amount of water with a few drops of tamari and a dash of black pepper until done, adding more water if necessary to keep from sticking., , Toast the bread, cover with cooked mushrooms and tomato slices. Spoon some of the sauce over it all. Delicious!, , Florentine variation: Use very lightly steamed spinach instead of tomato slices.	tomato, bread, matozest, black pepper, fresh mushrooms, arrowroot power, tamari, almond milk	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Chicken Asparagus Penne Pasta	1 pound Chicken Tenders, 1 packet Zesty Italian Dressing Mix - Dry, 14.5 ounces box of Dreamfield's Penne Pasta, 2 tablespoons Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 3 Garlic Cloves, minced, 1 pound Asparagus, trimmed and chopped into 1\ pieces, 3 cups Cherry Tomatoes, 1/2 cup fresh chopped Celery, 1/2 cup finely chopped Onion, 1/2 cup Chicken Stock, 1/2 cup Pasta Water, 2 tablespoons White Balsamic Vinegar, 1 small can sliced Black Olives, 1 small can sliced green olives (or sub capers), 2 cups fresh grated Parmigiano-Reggiano Cheese, 4 tablespoons fresh chopped Basil, 2 tablespoons fresh cracked Pepper	Cook pasta according to directions. Reserve 1/2 cup pasta water for later., Grill chicken tenders in 1 Tbsp. olive oil and season with 1 Tbsp. of the italian dressing mix. Save the rest of the dressing mix for later., Saute' garlic and asparagus pieces in 1 Tbsp. olive oil until asparagus is slightly tender. Add tomatoes and stir over medium high heat for 2 minutes. Add all sauteed ingredients to pasta., Add all other ingredients, except for 1/4 cup cheese and basil to pasta. Mix thoroughly. Salt to taste. When ready to serve, sprinkle with basil and remaining cheese. Serve warm or chill before serving. Your choice.	green olives, pasta, fresh chopped celery, white balsamic vinegar, onion, fresh cracked pepper, basil, cherry tomatoes, black olives, cheese, italian dressing mix, pasta water, garlic, chicken, olive oil	Savoury	Nut-free
Almond Green Beans	1 lb. fresh, frozen or home-canned green beans, 1/2 c. slivered almonds or large pieces, 1/2 tsp. sea salt, 3 Tbsp. extra virgin olive oil, 2 tsp. oat flour, 1/2 c. plain yogurt, sour cream or mashed tofu, 1 tsp. garlic-herb seasoning	Simmer green beans in salted water to cover for 15 minutes. Saute almonds in 1 tablespoon oil until lightly browned; remove. Add rest of oil to pan., Add flour to thicken., Stir constantly. Add yogurt., Mix until smooth., Cook until thickened., Add drained beans., Add other ingredients., Serve.	extra virgin olive oil, flour, plain yogurt, green beans, almonds, garlic, salt	Savoury	Vegetarian
Theresa'S Cookie Recipe From Nova Scotia	1/2 c. white sugar, 1/2 c. brown sugar, 1 c. flour, 3/4 c. rolled oats, 1/2 tsp. baking powder, 1/2 tsp. baking soda, 1/4 tsp. salt, 1/4 c. nuts (optional), 1/2 c. shortening, 1 egg, 1/4 tsp. vanilla	Stir dry ingredients together, add wet ingredients and beat. Make small balls and dip in sugar., Bake at 375 degrees  for 10 to 12 minutes., Watch carefully and let set on cookie sheet to cook before removing.	egg, baking powder, vanilla, shortening, brown sugar, baking soda, flour, nuts, white sugar, rolled oats, salt	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian
Taco Biscuit Bites	1/4 cup commercial taco sauce, 1/4 cup milk, 1/2 teaspoon dried onion flakes, 2 cups biscuit mix, 2 teaspoons butter or 2 teaspoons margarine, melted, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese	Combine first 3 ingredients in a large bowl; let stand 5 minutes., Add biscuit mix, stirring just until dry ingredients are moistened., Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface, and knead 4 or 5 times., Roll dough to 1/2-inch thickness; cut with a 1 1/2-inch biscuit cutter (or you can use a jar lid)., Place on a lightly greased baking sheet., Brush tops with butter, and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese., Bake at 450* for 8 to 10 minutes or until lightly browned., Serve immediately., Yield: about 1 1/2 dozen Note: Dough may be chilled 2 hours before baking, if desired., Enjoy!	biscuit mix, parmesan cheese, taco sauce, onion flakes, milk, butter	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free
Monkey Bread	2 cans buttermilk biscuits, 1 c. white sugar, nuts (optional), 2 tsp. cinnamon, 1 stick margarine, 1 c. brown sugar	Place sugar and cinnamon in bag and mix well., Cut each biscuit into 4 pieces., Drop into bag and coat well., Spray tube pan and drop biscuit pieces into pan., Sprinkle with nuts, if desired., Melt 1 stick margarine and 1 cup brown sugar., Almost let come to a boil., Pour over biscuit pieces and bake for 25 minutes at 350 degrees ., Let stand in pan for 5 minutes after removing from oven.	buttermilk biscuits, brown sugar, cinnamon, nuts, margarine, white sugar	Sweet	Vegetarian
Philadelphia Cheese Ball	8 oz. Cheddar cheese, 8 oz. cream cheese, 2 tsp. onion, minced, 2 tsp. green pepper, chopped fine, 1 tsp. lemon juice, 1 tsp. Worcestershire sauce	Blend all ingredients together and form into a ball., Can be topped with nuts.	lemon juice, cheddar cheese, onion, worcestershire sauce, cream cheese, green pepper	Savoury	Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Divinity	1 1/2 c. sugar, 1/2 c. light corn syrup, 1/4 c. hot water, 1/2 tsp. white vinegar, few drops food coloring (if desired), 1 stiffly beaten egg white, 1/2 tsp. vanilla, 1/2 c. broken nut meats	Combine the first 5 ingredients., Cover; place over moderate heat., Heat to boiling., Remove cover after 5 minutes., Cook to very hard ball stage (260 degrees )., Remove from heat., Cool slightly. Add gradually to stiffly beaten egg white, beating constantly until very stiff., Let cool, stirring occasionally., Stir in vanilla and nuts., Drop from buttered teaspoon onto cookie sheet.	egg white, light corn syrup, sugar, vanilla, hot water, white vinegar, coloring, broken nut meats	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Peppermint Schnapps	3 1/2 c. sugar, 11 1/2 cups water, 1 pt. 90 proof alcohol, 1/3 oz. peppermint extract, green food coloring (if desired)	Boil sugar and water until clear., Add 90 proof alcohol and peppermint extract., Use food coloring, if desired.	green food coloring, sugar, peppermint, water, alcohol	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Extra Easy Fudge	2 cups milk chocolate chips, 2 1/2 cups prepared chocolate frosting, 1 cup chopped walnuts	Line one 8x8 inch square pan with foil. Lightly butter the foil., In a small saucepan melt the chocolate chips over low heat, stirring constantly. Remove the melted chocolate from the heat and stir in the frosting and the nuts stirring until smooth. Pour into the prepared pan and refrigerate until firm. Once firm cut in small squares.	milk chocolate chips, chocolate frosting, walnuts	Sweet	Vegetarian, Gluten-free
Popcorn Balls	1 cup white sugar, 1/3 cup light corn syrup, 1/4 cup margarine, 1/3 cup water, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 quarts popped popcorn	Keep popcorn warm in 250 degree oven., Cook first five ingredients over medium heat, stirring constantly until mixture comes to a boil., Continue cooking without stirring until mixture reaches 270 degrees on a candy thermometer or until a small amount dropped into very cold water separates into hard threads., Add vanilla and stir., Pour mixture over popped corn, mixing with a fork., When cool enough to handle but still quite warm, form into balls.	light corn syrup, vanilla, water, margarine, white sugar, popcorn, salt	Sweet	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
Fiesta Coleslaw	1/2 pound green cabbage, shredded*, 1/2 pound red cabbage, shredded*, 1 medium cucumber, peeled, seeded, and diagonally sliced, 1 medium-size red bell pepper, cut into thin strips, 1 medium-size green bell pepper, cut into thin strips, 5 green onions, sliced, 2 celery ribs, diagonally sliced, 1 large carrot, shredded, 1 small white onion, thinly sliced, 1/4 cup fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar or cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon pepper sauce (liquid from hot peppers in vinegar), 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil	Combine first 9 ingredients in a bowl., Stir together lime juice and next 4 ingredients in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved. Pour dressing over cabbage mixture, tossing to coat. Let stand 30 minutes, tossing often. Drizzle evenly with olive oil, tossing to coat, just before serving., *1 (16-ounce) package coleslaw mix may be substituted for shredded green and red cabbage.	sugar, green bell pepper, green onions, white onion, green cabbage, sherry vinegar, celery, red cabbage, pepper sauce, red bell pepper, lime juice, cucumber, carrot, olive oil, salt	Savoury	Dairy-free, Vegetarian, Nut-free, Gluten-free
